Theres also iDVD, a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together- photos, recordings, video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents, family, siblings, and any other person important in your life that there may be.
WIth the upgraded memory, the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once!
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up, not able to connect.
It is so simple to use, I use it more than my desktop.
Otherwise, all other features are a 1
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again, everything from programs and drivers failing again, to it powering off for no reason, to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues.
I have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing.
(The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive.)
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership, so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan.
The program came with the computer and works beautifully.
I also purchased Office Max's "Max Assurance" with the "no lemon" clause.
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better, but am very happy with the upgrade.
It just works flawlessly!
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great :)
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
Theres a built in camera with special effects- for video and photography.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
That's very possible, but since they don't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine, I was stuck until Windows 7 came out.
Love the speed, especially!
Even out of warranty!
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.
I especially like the backlit keyboard.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in.
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop, and the battery life is amazing.
I mainly use it for email, internet, and managing personal files (pics, vids, etc.).
can't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers.
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications.
Apple care included.
Yes, I thought the expese was a little much, but I now realize you get what you pay for.
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great!
It is easy to navigate and update programs.
Runs Hot  I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product.
If you really want a bang-up system and don't need to run Windows applications, go with an Apple;
) I also purchased  Applecare  for $300, which is a three year extended warranty, since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two.
Also kinda loud when the fan was running.
They have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and I'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular.
But to be honest, I don't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming.
My ONLY issues are: 1) the screen/video resolution won't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.
It's also very capable of doing moderate video editing (although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing).
It gets stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work.
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better.
The difference is it's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now, still learning the Apple navigation, but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps.
They gave me a hard time yet again, but their was a malfunction in the battery itself, it didn't die.
It's color is even cool.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.
With awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!
Call tech support, standard email the form and fax it back in to us.
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move.
The keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops I have had in the past.
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small.
I love the size, keyboard, the functions.
Then I've fixed the DC jack (inside the unit), rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.
Called Acer many times, they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer!
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more.
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty, and that products with  extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore.
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault.
I'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features I need.
I have no idea how to burn cd's or to use the web cam, just for starters.
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM, the computer was kinda slow.
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price.
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.
Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture.
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
The battery life also doesn't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack.
Comes with iMovie;
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
I bought this last week, and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding.
Who couldn't love a DVD burner, 80-gigabyte HD, and fairly new graphics chip? As I soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more: they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
When you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing.
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer.
I have other computers that get strong signals that don't drop in places that this "net"book loses its signal.
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down.
lots of preloaded software.
( The iBook backup also uses a firewire connection).
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought.
For the [$] price (special offer) this is a great laptop.
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance (2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz).
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.
Everything about this computer is easy to use.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
On my PowerBook G4 I would never use the trackpad I would use an external mouse because I didn't like the trackpad.
The trackpad was easy to learn and navigate.
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard.
I have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute.
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped.
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it.
In desparation, I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired (2 days old) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ("have your credit card ready").
I took it in to the Apple store and guess what? They fixed it, no cost out of pocket.
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me, but I have just been using firefox instead.
Fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty.
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped.
I will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when I do so I don't run accross a situation like this again!
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk.
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED (THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED.
It works really well.
the mouse on the pad, the left button always sticks.
The other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes, the most common being a corrupted version of Appleworks which can render the browser useless.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
With all the programs that came with it, such as iLife and iWork, I was set from the very beginning.
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.
I don't have stupid pop up windows (even when I have pop ups blocked), I don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down.
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery.
It runs perfectly.
After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace.
I had to pay $100 for a universal charger for this cheap $300 laptop.
The Apple applications (ex.iPhoto) are fun, easy, and really cool to use (unlike the competition)!
Even so, I like playing online games, so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows.
No, tey don't even support their own bios and it "could be a problem with the bios" How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity??!!
Treat yourself to a more expensive, long-lasting laptop of quality like a Sony, Apple, or Toshiba.
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly.
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos.
Also, my sister got the exact same laptop (since they were so cheap) and after 8 months, the screen split in half just from everyday use.
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
Unfortunately, Apple's quality has continued to slide.
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.
I have only had PCs with Windows before so this takes a little getting use to.
After 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off.
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
no complaints with their desktop, and maybe because it just sits on your desktop, and you don't carry it around, which could jar the hard drive, or the motherboard.
First it burned or fused the power adapter plug.
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
(The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive.)
Asus facial recognition doesn't work and windows logon isn't either.
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm, I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard (no keys sticking or lagging, strange configuration of "extra key", etc.
I know there are way better laptops out there for the same price, and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls.
They claim call center is still down.
I thought the price was great for the specs.
That system is fixed.
This computer doesn't do that well with certain games it can't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games.
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.
All of the programs (Keynote, Pages, Numbers) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.
I was disappointed when I realized that the keyboard doesn't light up on this model.
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro, the monitor has completely died.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service.
For those that care about noise this thing doesn't really make any;
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to, so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased.
I upgraded it's RAM to 2GB, I am very happy with it.
The shop will definitely push the problem to the service center.
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed.
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect.
not using wired lan not sure what thats about.
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose.
Also, HDD secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently.
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
After 2 months of complaints, Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies.
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
I get a ton of compliments on its size, and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus, I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you're restricted to the width of your body for computing room.
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista?
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
Again, decent comp for the price, and I was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me.
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.
-Called headquarters again, they report that TFT panel is broken, should be fixed by the end of the week (week 3).
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well, but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing.
But when I received my replacement, I made BOTH recovery DVDs (4), and a driver/application DVD.
Called tech support and got the usual Acer "We don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" I explained there was no software involved in booting.
It's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than I could ever expect from a notebook.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
One drawback I noticed was sound quality via USB.
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 (with harman/kardon speakers!) in December of 2005.
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3.
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from.
it might be something deep within Windows, for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.
Great OS, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
My computer froze on several occasion, had buttons that randomely would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all.
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time!
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV.
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops, but the ease of use, security, and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag.
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing.
The DVD burner broke after burning 3 DVD'd during that time!
Love that it doesn't take up space like a regular computer.
Of course, for a student, weight is always an issue.
It's so bad that I'm thinking I only got half a battery or something.
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.
I mainly use it for email, internet, and managing personal files (pics, vids, etc.).
But to be honest, the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time.
It is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.
You will need them if you want to reload the OS (I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal).
The tech store I purchased this from sent it back,,,,,eventually I got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later.
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I've seen.
I made a photo book as a gift, on my computer, pushed "Buy" and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house, the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined.
Do you think I purposely "destroy" my netbook, so that I can demand a new set? Do you think it's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution? Or rather NO solution.
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos.
I wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you wanted to run MS Office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store, and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in, I'd highly recommend checking this out.
Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer.
The quality, engineering design and warranty are superior--covers damage from dropping the laptop.
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor.
in May I started having problems with the USB ports not working.
The improvements to the OS have been relatively gradual, but substantive.
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!
The i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos.
Quality Display  I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased.
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid, (mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed) but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out.
Very good quality and well made.
The leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse.
Actually, I had noticed the one on the sales floor also didn't have sound!
I recommend for word processing and internet users.
Whenever I call Dell about an unrelated problem, they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if I'd like to purchase more memory for $75.
I sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty, so I got a new one and some other fixes they found.
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system.
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC.
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months.
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space (500GB instead of 320GB) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk.
With Windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must.
Microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems.
The sheer power and flexibility makes the MacBook Pro a must have for any techie!
Only issue is that it is a little slow, and I'm fixing that by adding more RAM.
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16" laptop does.
My main reason to convert was the imovie program.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace.
Great battery, speed, display.
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use, and would not move past this error.
For me, keys were starting to get stuck and wouldn't type very well.
A cheaper price should not equal a "cheap" product.
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site, then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works.
It does not even have the software to play a dvd now.
The image is great, and the soud is excelent.
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
Now mainboard is broken, have to wait for a new one.
The Mac version of Microsoft Office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
I use a cooling pad but it doesn't help.
And if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed.
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs.
The laptop was very easy to set up.
The only thing I wish is the 15 inch MacBook Pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard.
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.
It's software and speed enable it to do amazing things.
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
It did fairly well, other than it's poor performance, overheating and occational blue screen.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more, or buy a USB wireless card.
It's not a wear-and-tear issue, not due to user carelessness and most importantly, they CAN'T guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and I have to accept the outcome.
I've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.
The processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.
The quality, engineering design and warranty are superior--covers damage from dropping the laptop.
Asked the customer service rep.
Also, if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft, there is a charge, which I believe is robbery, since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system, which most people would have went with XP if they could.
In the shop, these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it, get it home, break the seal and use it (very clever con).
however, I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton.
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
All for such a great price.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
From the get-go, the M6809 was unsteady in its operation;
The battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.
I 'have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty.
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.
only good thing is the graphics quality.
Then I've fixed the DC jack (inside the unit), rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.
The Bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done.
The video card is great for media, and above average for gaming, but not a gamers first choice.
I previously purchased a 13" macbook (had pro specs and was aluminum style) which had a nvidia 9800 (If I am not mistaken) and it had major heating issues.
The sound is a bit quiet if you're on a plane, this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones.
It's software and speed enable it to do amazing things.
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR.
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution.
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection.
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made, yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet!
They replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board.
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac, but MS Office doesn't even come with most pc laptops.
But you must get the 15 inch.
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter, thru Windows 7 Home Premium, to Windows 7 Professional was a snap;
Also, I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite.
What I'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory.
Sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size.
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
Graphics are clean and sharp, internet interfaces are seamless.
) I also purchased  Applecare  for $300, which is a three year extended warranty, since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two.
THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.
Until I bought the Dell, I thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer, left right and front.
They offer the best warranty in the business, and don't 3rd party it out like Toshiba.
Then I've fixed the DC jack (inside the unit), rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I don't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows.
Who couldn't love a DVD burner, 80-gigabyte HD, and fairly new graphics chip? As I soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more: they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures.
One drawback, I wish the keys were backlit.
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space.
Ive had to call tech support many times.
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you can't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small.
The graphics are stunning.
They sent out a Sony 'Certified' technician.
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE.
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING!!!
the screen brightness automatically adjusts.
You can't even get a satellite card which is why I bought to begin with.
The ease of set up was terrific.
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications.
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY.
Oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all I use the old word processer which works good.
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and I'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but I still expected better product quality for this price range.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
It is everything I'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint, but somehow a bit more sturdy.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
Oh and if thats not bad enough it doesn't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $25 for two cds.
It is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program, and the program will simply open that file.
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it.
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.
They break down just as often as PCs do, and the only reason they don't get viruses, is because no one makes viruses for them, they're not better in any way, they are worse, try finding virus protection programs for a Mac, they don't exist.
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics.
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan.
If your time is worth anything to you, if you are tired of rebooting, reformatting, reinstalling, trying to find drivers, if you want a computer to work for you for a change, make the change to this computer.
I preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch.
Size: I know 13 is small (especially for a desktop replacement) but with an external monitor, who cares.
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!
I ordered through MacMall, which saved me the sales tax I would have incurred buying locally.
Garageband is more for the musicians, and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone, good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level.
But Sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars.
It's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
They sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer, they paid postage and whatnot, but when I got my computer back it still wasn't running right, and now my CD drive wasn't reading anything!
If a website ever freezes (which is rare), its really easy to force quit.
However, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).
I was said it's videocard.
Getting the Apple Care plan is a must.
Features such as the Dashboard (allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator, weather forecast, movie times, calendar, computer post its etc.
Also, because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer, some websites wouldn't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems.
It's applications are terrific, including the replacements for Microsoft office.
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard.
The layout of the MacBook is horrible and confusing;
The battery life is also relatively good.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
) And printing from either word processor is an adventure.
">  iPhoto is probably the best program I have ever worked with: easy and convenient.
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that.
I had a USB connect but, i can't use it because it is not compatible.
Which is great I am running Vista Business and scored a 5.X on the index I have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5's.
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or don't want to bother them with bright lighting, it is very convenient to have a darker, softer lit screen.
Typically, when I purchase a new laptop I always end up using an external mouse for convenience.
As with any laptop not purchased with software options, it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications.
The OS is also very user friendly, even for those that switch from a PC, with a little practice you can take full advantage of this OS!
My husband uses it mostly for games, email and music.
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs.
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
the key bindings take a little getting used to, but have loved the Macbook Pro.
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate.
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to, but overall it's worth it!
The screen is framed by half- to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary, reduces the screen size and increases the bulk.
Easy to carry, can be taken anywhere, can be hooked up to printers,headsets.
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.
With a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side, In the way of operating a mouse in small area.
The display on this computer is the best I've seen in a very long time, the battery life is very long and very convienent.
It's now all commodity hardware.
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.
Suffice it to say, my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.
With all the programs that came with it, such as iLife and iWork, I was set from the very beginning.
The battery gets so HOT it is scary.
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice;
cosmetically, the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top.
The screen is framed by half- to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary, reduces the screen size and increases the bulk.
The design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.
The only thing I didn't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection, in case it gets broken, or crashes etc.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
As a die-hard Windows enthusiast, I shunned the idea of a Mac until this point.
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs, clean cookies, and delete unused files.
Fan noise: The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background.
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another.
After paying several hundred dollars for this service, it is frustrating that you cannot get help after hours.
The Macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.
The leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse.
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.
It has plenty of memory, lots of hard drive, and great graphics.
-Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to.
Anyway, in early July of this year, the DVD burner stopped working, and the computer stared having issues with power supply.
I am using the external speaker- sound is good.
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs.
But I needed a laptop for school use.
My friend just had to replace his entire motherboard, so did my wife, and it looks like I will have to as well.
The PhotoBooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.
The speed difference is next to NOTHING for a mac, and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $60 500gb external hard drive.
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again, everything from programs and drivers failing again, to it powering off for no reason, to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues.
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
Features such as the Dashboard (allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator, weather forecast, movie times, calendar, computer post its etc.
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.
True quality at a great price!
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
Games being the main issue.
Wonderful zooming.
You know, using the computer should be fun, not aggrevation, especially when you are playing games or working with photos.
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time, we are on the hook for the repair.
It was a great laptop, ran great and was really fast.
Also, HDD secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.
It didn't come with any software installed outside of windows media, but for the price, I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot.
Who couldn't love a DVD burner, 80-gigabyte HD, and fairly new graphics chip? As I soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more: they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
My laptop cost approximately $2,300 and DIED after only 2-years, 10-months and 18-days of use.
Browsing, also, was no problem for me when I used itunes ( which usually slows down my PC ).
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS.
The price is great for this model, I only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
Battery life needs more life.
The OS is also very user friendly, even for those that switch from a PC, with a little practice you can take full advantage of this OS!
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
previous laptops were pc's, still have them, but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system.
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance (2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz).
From the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple.
My macbook is so much better looking and so thin!
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
We have had numerous problems with Vista, such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary.
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $175 to send it in to fix it.
Also, because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer, some websites wouldn't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems.
The store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they don't even recommend the HP brand because of the problems with their warrentys.
While it was highly rated, would I like it? I tried the keyboard at the store, and it seemed ok.
while the keyboard itself is alright, the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons.
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price.
Also, HDD secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.
You won't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet.
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV.
Mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer.
Garageband is easy to work with, like all the other apple applications I've had experience with.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
Sony parts reliability and quality of service is recenlty the worst.
The keyboard is top notch.
I have no idea how to burn cd's or to use the web cam, just for starters.
Also, one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp, if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells, it doesn't seem to be a problem.
I love the operating system and the preloaded software.
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions.
I bought a cordless mouse for it, but don't always take it out;
however, I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
Fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly.
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college.
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista, yet I know Vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista (I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV.
With the macbook pro it comes with free security software to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails.
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
Needs longer lasting battery, More than 1 to 2 Hrs.
I was also able to install and use my Photoshop and AfterEffects programs easily.
So, I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road, hoping they can make the hinge tighter.
The processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
" This isn't a big deal, I haven't noticed the issue with DVDs or other media, only through USB output.
It's applications are terrific, including the replacements for Microsoft office.
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used, and the command prompt would not work at all.
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.
This is the first time that I tried and owning a netbook although I have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years, I find not much difference except of course for the screen size.
I would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a Desktop it does not meet the expectations.
Not too much "junk" software to remove.
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased.
The brand is tarnished in my heart.
I charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life.
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook!
I work in film editing and post production, so I need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.
My ONLY issues are: 1) the screen/video resolution won't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
One more tip, please purchase this model and get a 4GB stick of RAM to save you $10
Finally, I should note that I took the 2GB RAM stick from my old EeePC and installed it before I even powered on for the first time.
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003.
The best thing to do is build your own computer, but if u can't company's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $2000 systems and if you google "dell coupons" you can find codes that take a signifant  amount off the price.
I don't have stupid pop up windows (even when I have pop ups blocked), I don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down.
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me, but I have just been using firefox instead.
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely cannot be without.
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the "human interface.
Setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.
Browsing, also, was no problem for me when I used itunes ( which usually slows down my PC ).
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
I bought it from HSN because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....
All I will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap Vaio.
If you really want a bang-up system and don't need to run Windows applications, go with an Apple;
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle, and when I click on it it says: " Consider replacing your battery" and it does not hold full charge.
When I called Sony the Customer Service was Great.
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote.
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed.
We use the built in tools often, iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone.
Didn't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop (same make/model).
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer (when they have a certain promotion/offer going, of course)!
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.
It is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.
The capabilities using that program alone made me want a Mac.
But to be honest, I don't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming.
Whenever tried to turn it on, it would restart as soon as the BIOS launched Windows (or Winblows, as I like ot call it).
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to.
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.
But guess what?  (you have to buy an external dvd drive it doesn't have a built in type) The notebook can't be used because it doesn't read anything for an external drive.
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty.
Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up.
A great computer for light home use and business use.
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook: screen size is not something I'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week.
Can't close the 2nd HDD bay since there are brackets you have to break off (even then, it still doesn't shut) That could be a major flaw for the dual HDD user.
The graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid.
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck.
The price was very good, and the product is top quality.
In November my computer messed up entirely and wouldn't power on after intalling a Windows update, I had to have my HD flashed and lost EVERYTHING on it, including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things, when this update was installed for some reason I was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history.
Ever since I bought this laptop, so far I've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down.
But, buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM (2x2GB for $92 or 1x4GB for $99), and save yourself $100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.
See when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it.
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
Windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning.
Theres also iDVD, a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together- photos, recordings, video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents, family, siblings, and any other person important in your life that there may be.
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard.
The materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere.
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
the mouse on the pad, the left button always sticks.
I also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad.
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty, and that products with  extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore.
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty.
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again.
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it, but I like the big screen on it.
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have won't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it.
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful!
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive.
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK!!!
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop.
Until I bought the Dell, I thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.
Everything is so easy to use, Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software.
All of the programs (Keynote, Pages, Numbers) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly.
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
) I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store.
The reality was, it heated up very quickly, and took way too long to do simple things, like opening my Documents folder.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system can't be used with the iBook.
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!
also you may need to charge it once a day, if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac  the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it.
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.
The quality, engineering design and warranty are superior--covers damage from dropping the laptop.
I would like at least a 4 hr. battery life.
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability.
The programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.
It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium--delivered with only 1GB of RAM, and it was a *dog*.
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard!
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $175 and it was fixed.
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter, so it's not just an isolated incident!!!
The much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare.
Bigger HD, better graphics card, and a bid HD.
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.
Mac is not made for gaming.
Registration/1st use is easy.
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
Additional caveat: the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user's liking.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
Also consider the MS Office apps are all trial versions, hope you have your own copies.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
If you're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game, you'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market.
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7.
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook.
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children.
We figure that after everything HIS pc actually ended up costing $350 more than my original Mac.
For me I was lucky and a local store was selling them for $2000 off and Best Buy matched their price so I was able to buy one for under $1000
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection.
Not to mention it has shit gigs.
The programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen.
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch.
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler, quicker, and easier.
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet.
The computer runs extremely slowly, whether opening Word or My Computer.
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.
The leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse.
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service.
This is a great value for the money.
They also use two totally different operating systems.
Worse, for the price I could get a *netbook* that outperforms this machine.
Suffice it to say, my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
So, I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up.
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here.
Web access through the 3G network is so slow, it's very frustrating and VERY DISAPPOINTING.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it.
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better.
I considered I may have too much on the computer, but after looking, there was plenty of space and that is not the issue.
So, after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer, until it froze this morning--completely.
The only thing that I have, is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters, would help if it was a little lighter then it is.
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use.
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service.
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy.
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria.
We have had numerous problems with Vista, such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications.
I had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a "different" computer.
The resolution is even higher then any other laptop on the market.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
I do transcription work on the side, and the flatline keyboard makes typing quick and easy as well.
Thank you Best Buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were GREAT too!
Oh yea, has no numeric pad on the side.
It runs very quiet too which is a plus.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.
I'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
:-)If you buy this - don't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.
I am using the external speaker- sound is good.
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly.
Also, the extended warranty was a problem.
It even has a great webcam, and Skype works very well.
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive, but I rather have a hard copy.
Maybe this is virus related, maybe not, but the computer has locked up many times, and on two occasions, the screen has simply gone black.
I don't have stupid pop up windows (even when I have pop ups blocked), I don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down.
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics.
the mouse is way way way to sensitve.
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about.
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking.
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.
Was searching online for a power supply when I found this site.
Well, I have to say since I bought my Mac, I won't ever go back to any Windows.
Yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.
-I propose that they can just swap the hard drives.
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel.
Right size and weight for portability.
The keyboard, which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard, now looks terrible.
The only thing that isn't perfect about this netbook is the speakers, they are not loud at all but I expected that.
It has plenty of memory, lots of hard drive, and great graphics.
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing, email checking, word processing, and watching a movie or two, this is the machine you want.
They say sorry out of warranty.
I have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
iTunes is a handy music-management program, and it is essential for anyone with an iPod.
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote.
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?
The screen shows great colors.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
And if you do a lot of writing, editing is a problem since there is no  forward delete  key.
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily.
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications.
Eventually my battery wouldn't charge, so unless I had it plugged in it wouldn't even power on.
There is no need to purchase virus protection for Mac, which saves me a lot of time and money.
Has a 5-6 hour battery life.
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front.
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks, and I am impressed with the intuition of the design, the beauty of the product, and the excellent technological advances associated with it.
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.
Took me 11 hours, 3 trips to different FedEx offices, and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse IT support technicians in the world.
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly, and multiple at a time if you sowish.
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures.
Downfalls: sharp edges.
They are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with.
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish, I broke down and spent another $100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac.
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again.
It is super easy to use.
The extended warranty for the $4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu.
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
We love the size of the screen, although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around.
I use the computer to basically check emails, surf the web, print coupons and for my college papers.
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista.
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
they improved nothing else such as Resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.
Good monitor and performed well.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
The service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and wasn't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect.
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit.
of course my warranty runs out next month.
Asus facial recognition doesn't work and windows logon isn't either.
Granted, it's still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops, my Mac boots up noticeably quicker.
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here.
they improved nothing else such as Resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.
Plain and simple, it(laptop) runs great and loads fast.
The computer was shipped to their repair depot  on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned.
Though the picture, video, and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to (CS5) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers.
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler, quicker, and easier.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
There's literally no way to make it sing with Vista.
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well.
no complaints with their desktop, and maybe because it just sits on your desktop, and you don't carry it around, which could jar the hard drive, or the motherboard.
No tutorials on the display.
It is easy to use and lightweight.
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines.
The Internet Explorer was very slow from the very beginning.
At first, the computer seemed a great deal--seemingly high-end specs for a low, low price.
You may need to special order a bag.
My wireless system would not recognize Windows 7 and I couldn't get online to find out why.
Small enough to use on a long flight, Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips.
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter, thru Windows 7 Home Premium, to Windows 7 Professional was a snap;
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company.
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours.
Who couldn't love a DVD burner, 80-gigabyte HD, and fairly new graphics chip? As I soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more: they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.
They are about the same size keys.
In fact, somehow (and I never opened it up) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently, behind the front of the screen, in the way of the display.
All in all, a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service.
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter.
The screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze.
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
System is loosing about 20% of performance because of that.
I love the easy to see screen, and It works well for work, persoal or just play.
But when I received my replacement, I made BOTH recovery DVDs (4), and a driver/application DVD.
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system can't be used with the iBook.
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes.
I need graphic power to run my Adobe Creative apps efficiently.
It was slow, locked up, and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months!
Even so, I like playing online games, so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs.
I can render AVCHD movies with little effort, which was a problem for most pc's unless you had a quad core I7.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
Three, the mac book has advantages over pcs' with linux based os there is very 'few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac.
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature.
Being a PC user my whole life, it's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I'm finding my way around.
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated, but once you get past the initial expense you'll find that they're worth every penny (besides, there's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers).
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit.
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the "human interface.
I love a "pc" but I was ready for a change and tired of the windows system.
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use.
Until I bought the Dell, I thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
Since I've had this computer I've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
He has replaced his hard drive twice and (of course) has had to pay for antivirus software every year.
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at, I think there's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and cannot be downloaded.
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use, very important for use quick typers.
I hope to edit this in the next few hours, I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7.
Of course, I inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and I even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others.
Despite the inconvenient weight, I opted for the 12 cell battery.
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts, and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working (this was a rock star 7 years ago).
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
I also liked the glass screen.
Going to bring it to service today.
The screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it's very noticeable.
The battery is really long.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop.
The Toshiba laptop I am using is easier to use than most I have tried.
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space (500GB instead of 320GB) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk.
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself.
10 hours of battery life is really something else....
And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).
(If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it shouldn't, check the "Activity Monitor" app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.
it might be something deep within Windows, for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.
That's very possible, but since they don't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine, I was stuck until Windows 7 came out.
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts, and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working (this was a rock star 7 years ago).
I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired.
The Toshiba Net book operates very well.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
Support has been lackluster and now I just want a refund.
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made, yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet!
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me (I prefer it dark) or if you can crank up the brightness.
Also, the battery does not last very long at all.
Theres also iDVD, a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together- photos, recordings, video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents, family, siblings, and any other person important in your life that there may be.
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops.
Info: Windows failed to load because the kernal is missing, or corrupt.
It has a faster processor and more ram.
But if you're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc.
So, I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road, hoping they can make the hinge tighter.
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted.
After that the said it was under warranty.
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop.
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy.
After 2 months of complaints, Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies.
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life, as well as the many background programs that run without the user's knowlede.
The battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.
So, the hard disk capacity really doesn't matter to me.
The only thing that I don't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to.
It's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!
-I propose that I can just swap the hard drives.
The system it comes with does not work properly, so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all.
I couldn't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge.
Startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.
It has many great programs, such as ILife, iPhotos and others.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
The hard drive crashed as well, and I had to buy a new  power cord.
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.
I got my MacBook Pro because I wanted to do all the stuff I need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes.
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons.
But, for the cost this is a winner.
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB.
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and USB ports inoperative.
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming.
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.
But we had paid for bluetooth, and there was none.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
THEN, one month after the warranty expired, the replacement charger went.
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSEN'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it!
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance.
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that.
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
The processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere.
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty.
They only stay charged a little over an hour.
The screen is bright and clear, the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice.
Called Acer many times, they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer!
the features are great, the only thing it needs is better speakers.
I am ADDICTED to photo booth!
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support.
Took several hours with customer support before I could even start the PC out of the box.
I find myself using the 10-key more than I thought I would.
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up.
The only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets, and rather quickly too.
The laptop is very lightweight, can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight.
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
Well I spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model, which gets hot and the battery doesn't make it through 1 DVD.
I am most impressed with the programming, including the iPhoto.
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and I'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but I still expected better product quality for this price range.
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online.
The port is secured to motherboard so when this  happens you can't see the plug at all, it's just gone.
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect, something with the amount of thermal paste.
I use this for my tutoring business, and since I'm always bouncing from student to student, it is ideal for portability and battery life (yes, it gets the 8 hours as advertised!).
It didn't come with any software installed outside of windows media, but for the price, I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product.
As usual at customer service center, she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague (I could see them).
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and USB ports inoperative.
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
So, I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up.
From the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple.
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
Loaded with bloatware.
Once open, the leading edge is razor sharp.
If you want a little more custom ability, drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more.
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED (THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED.
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
I work in film editing and post production, so I need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.
It was heavy,bulky, and hard to carry because of the size.
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use.
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one.
The DVD drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well, which is annoying.
Good for every day computing and web browsing.
I guess he was the technical person.
Only thing I would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive.
Everything about the Mac is not only visually appealing, but very easy to use.
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag.
Summary: HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it.
It is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.
(The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive.)
Some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software, but there is no guarentee.
It's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum, easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics.
Before, I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer's site.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
The battery life is great.
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.
Again- windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with!
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.
It is known as Safari, and if you are doing any website work, you should know that many hosting companies do not support it.
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3.
It has many great programs, such as ILife, iPhotos and others.
For the Bluetooth to work properly, you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD, or it will not show after the reload.
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I can't play it because its not compatable with the software.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
(Beware, their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is.
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor.
The price premium is a little much, but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash.
This is great if you have several lectures back to back and don't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures.
(If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it shouldn't, check the "Activity Monitor" app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero.
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly.
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere, but still has a big enough screen to get everything done.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).
But with A WAY Bigger Screen, and IS able to connect to an HDMI.
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well.
I've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful, english speaking (from Vancouver) techs that walked me through the processes to help me.
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.
it might be something deep within Windows, for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies.
Startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.
Called tech support and got the usual Acer "We don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" I explained there was no software involved in booting.
I previously purchased a 13" macbook (had pro specs and was aluminum style) which had a nvidia 9800 (If I am not mistaken) and it had major heating issues.
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you don't matter.
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers.
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.
Now the screen is going darker, darker, darker.
I love the feel of the key board, as well as the trackpad.
HP said it was out of warranty.
Once again, I was told it was the suspicious  power supply  problem.
Sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.
I respond that I do not have the old computer and this way I would lose the data on my hard drive.
I love the feel of the key board, as well as the trackpad.
What I'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory.
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty, able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.
I took it back for an Asus and same thing- blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset.
I gave it to my daughter because I just hated the screen, hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd's when I wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork.
The dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds.
I dislike the weight and size, cubersome.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos.
I will never go back to Windows!
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership, so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan.
For the Bluetooth to work properly, you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD, or it will not show after the reload.
Additional caveat: the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user's liking.
Quality Display  I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite.
Again, the same problem, the right speaker did not work.
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it.
When we bought our new HP comouter in Dec. of 2008, we wanted Windows XP, but were told it would cost an extra $159, so we went with Vista.
I never had this kind of quality issue with Dell (not to say Dell is that great), not with a brand new laptop.
great battery life.
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed.
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot.
It is very well built.
and plenty of storage with 250 gb(though I will upgrade this and the ram..)
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs.
The backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark.
For the Bluetooth to work properly, you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD, or it will not show after the reload.
3) Horrible customer support
I was originally concerned that I couldn't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting, but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs.
And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).
But the arm velcro is torn after one use.
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive.
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing.
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible.
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program, and the program will simply open that file.
Even doing so, the hinge may just be slightly tightened only.
I had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a "different" computer.
Overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on.
The software is amazing.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
Many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed.
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy, and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer, which is also a mac.
I took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and I finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty.
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum.
When I called Toshiba, they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $35 for the phone call, even though they didn't offer any technical support.
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
I saw walmart had the same computer for about $650 but still knowing what I know now,I would not buy it at that price.
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista.
It is much faster than my desktop which is a Core2 Quad running at 2.83 GHz.
, Applications respond immediately (not like the tired MS applications).
Without a doubt, the *design* of this laptop is fantastic.
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty, so I sent it in to be replaced and (almost 2 months later) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement.
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow.
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system.
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
Though the picture, video, and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to (CS5) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers.
Fast, great visual!
I would like to use a different operating system altogether.
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3.
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).
But, buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM (2x2GB for $92 or 1x4GB for $99), and save yourself $100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM.
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability.
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great!
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.
One suggestion I do have, is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC.
Love the graphics, awesome programs (including Garageband), and really cool default background.
Pay attention to the specs if you want these options.
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
Screen is awesome, battery life is good.
I work in film editing and post production, so I need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure isn't reflected in the retail price.
wonderful features.
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit.
Another issue I have with it is the battery.
I was ready to take it back for a refund, but the Geek Squad camed through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed.
Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.
The only thing that can be updated is the video, other than that you're all set.
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started.
Before, I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer's site.
The letter A stopped working after the first week.
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time.
BUT there's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows.
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better.
-4 RAM slots, 2 HDD Bays*, 16GB RAM support -No Wireless Issues, at least for me.
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it.
The Unibody construction is solid, sleek and beautiful.
However, my girlfriend realized that the netbook's hinge is a bit loose (when you open or close the LCD).
Finally, the biggest problem has been tech support.
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free, even without the warranty.
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $175 to send it in to fix it.
The price and features more than met my needs.
Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.
No temporary replacement, they are out of replacements because "many computers had problems with the Nvidia chipset"-Inquired status of repair.
Was very much worth the price i paid.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
Not sure how I recommend it for quality gaming, as I have a desktop rig for that reason.
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
-When battery life went to 4 hours or less, took it to the MacHouse Amsterdam for repair (26th of August).
Very long-life battery (up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings).
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
No luck, although I waited for hours on the phone-Visited MacHouse, they stated the their call center is down due to too many phonecalls (difficult to believe).
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks, and I am impressed with the intuition of the design, the beauty of the product, and the excellent technological advances associated with it.
It's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum, easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics.
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard!
There is nothing to complain about the system.
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too.
Wonderful sleek case design is only on the outside.
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid.
It had some kind of pre installed software update that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it.
Great pick for portability and affordability.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
The graphics were awful and the warranty isn't even worth the cheap payment on the computer.
Great OS, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
In November my computer messed up entirely and wouldn't power on after intalling a Windows update, I had to have my HD flashed and lost EVERYTHING on it, including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things, when this update was installed for some reason I was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history.
/ awesome cooling system/ much better grafics card (ATI 5870) / 8GB RAM/ LED backlit screen...
All of the programs (Keynote, Pages, Numbers) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game.
and plenty of storage with 250 gb(though I will upgrade this and the ram..)
In all honesty, if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop, then do not buy this computer.
The hard drive crashed as well, and I had to buy a new  power cord.
Its a good laptop for its value.
I could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat.
Somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot.
The best thing to do is build your own computer, but if u can't company's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $2000 systems and if you google "dell coupons" you can find codes that take a signifant  amount off the price.
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit.
I would rate this computer at 5 stars, but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine.
We love the size of the screen, although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around.
Its Office compatible, but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs.
Yeah, of course smarty pants "fix it now")Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple (which I promptly did).
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET!
The keyboard, which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard, now looks terrible.
It gets stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work.
Keyboard is reasonable size.
Otherwise, all other features are a 1
and looks very sexyy:D  really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price.
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers.
The difference is it's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now, still learning the Apple navigation, but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps.
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare.
Newegg's RMA service was great as always, I contacted them late Friday night, and they issued me an RMA number and a PrePaid UPS shipping label the very next morning on Saturday.
See when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it.
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate, and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader (software) would not load.
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.
Even so, I like playing online games, so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows.
There are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a Windows computer.
It was very easy to just pick up and use-- It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS.
Called Acer many times, they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer!
In the first moth of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced.
This computer is exceptionally thin for it's screen size and processing power.
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?
It's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.
Asked the customer service rep.
i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes.
It has many great programs, such as ILife, iPhotos and others.
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter, so it's not just an isolated incident!!!
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems, as well.
I recommend for word processing and internet users.
) I also purchased  Applecare  for $300, which is a three year extended warranty, since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two.
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have won't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it.
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
Or the cursor would show up some place else.
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool? The after sales support is terrible.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
I had to call HP and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all.
Yes, the computer was light weight, less expensive than the average laptop, and was pretty self explantory in use.
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free, even without the warranty.
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off, too--a mark of poor construction quality.
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff.
The only thing I don't understand is that the resolution of the screen isn't high enough for some pages, such as Yahoo!Mail.
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely.
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior.
Also, HDD secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.
The only bad part is the size/weight.
It is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.
With a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.
Would like more trendy, high tech features.
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have.
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased.
THEN, one month after the warranty expired, the replacement charger went.
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything, no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed.
In desparation, I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired (2 days old) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ("have your credit card ready").
Sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to worki
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.
My husband uses it mostly for games, email and music.
Summary: They played games with me for the warranty period.
The size is perfect and I do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
Looks nice, but has a horribly cheap feel.
I was originally concerned that I couldn't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting, but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs.
Then I've fixed the DC jack (inside the unit), rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.
But guess what?  (you have to buy an external dvd drive it doesn't have a built in type) The notebook can't be used because it doesn't read anything for an external drive.
Every driver on the drivers/applications DVD is everything you will need for a reload.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
Now,,,,,my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months.
The Apple applications (ex.iPhoto) are fun, easy, and really cool to use (unlike the competition)!
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on.
The battery holds up well, it's built very solidly, and runs fast.
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures.
Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another, and I am not kidding you, I called different hours of the day and you'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again, since they make it sound like they don't have your history list of your calls right in front of them.
Great value, fast delivery- Computer works as if brand new, no problems, very pleased
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.
Laptops are usually used on the go, so why not give you a better battery?
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.
Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.
The battery life, before the battery completely died of course, left much to be desired.
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
I'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $176 every 3  months just isn't worth it (that's about how long the port seems to  last).
Great Laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
The repairs were made quickly though I must say, however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me.
Compared to similarly spec'd PCs, this machine is good value, well built and works easily right out of the box.
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
The only downfall is the volume control.
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value.
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines.
To be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
I still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to!
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use.
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing.
The casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket.
I bought a Logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the MBP, but I use the touchpad 90% of the time.
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another.
I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed.
Like the price and operation.
I hope to edit this in the next few hours, I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7.
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
I have found also, it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access;
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit.
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.
But see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before!
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small.
The only thing I didn't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection, in case it gets broken, or crashes etc.
So what am I supposed to do?  The LG service center cannot provide me the "service" when it is called the "service center".
Excellent speed for processing data.
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me (I prefer it dark) or if you can crank up the brightness.
I love the size, keyboard, the functions.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
The only thing I can imagine is that Sony jumped on early specifications for Vista requirements from Microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements.
The Macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
I got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced, so I was now on the SECOND motherboard within 3 months.
It has come into good use for my finances, scheduling, my parents business expenses, and it is definitely amazing for gaming.
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
I don't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included.
Im glad that it has such great features in it.
The computer was shipped to their repair depot  on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned.
The battery life was shorter than expected.
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
There is hardly any memory on the computer's hard drive.
I'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.
I hope to edit this in the next few hours, I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7.
The screen is a little glary, and I hated the clicking buttons, but I got used to them.
The internet speed is spectacular.
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
This is an over-sized, 18-inch laptop.
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely cannot be without.
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.
The speakers on it are useless too.
The Macbook is also made better, my computer has never got a virus, and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day I bought it.
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.
But sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the BIOS again and shut down and would not turn back on.
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy.
Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid (I have tried both Motorola and HTC) plugged into the USB port.
I was originally concerned that I couldn't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting, but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs.
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
Maximum sound isn't nearly as loud as it should be.
Windows 7 Starter is terrific (no you can't change the background) but I don't need to, I use it just for school work.
So, I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road, hoping they can make the hinge tighter.
The first one sent: Touchpad didn't work The second sent: USB didn't work The third sent: Touchpad didn't work The fourth sent: Hasn't arrived yet.
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the  warranty.
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter, so it's not just an isolated incident!!!
The battery life also doesn't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack.
The Windows 7 Starter is, in my opinion, a great way to think about using your netbook: basics, basics, basics.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from.
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.
For the Bluetooth to work properly, you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD, or it will not show after the reload.
Also, the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it.
The touchpad is very intuitive, so much so that I never want to use buttons to click again!
However, my girlfriend realized that the netbook's hinge is a bit loose (when you open or close the LCD).
2nd Best computer in the world  only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches  to make less easier for people to hack into
Its also FUN to use!
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
It is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.
Great battery, speed, display.
(If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it shouldn't, check the "Activity Monitor" app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero.
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION.
Good monitor and performed well.
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.
the mouse buttons are hard to push.
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display.
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more, or buy a USB wireless card.
I love this program, it is superior to windows movie maker.
Am very glad I bought it, great netbook, low price.
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing.
Its not just slow on the internet, its slow in general.
The OS is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly.
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter, so it's not just an isolated incident!!!
The AC power port becomes loose over time
The battery doesn't last long but I'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
Another thing I might add is the battery life is excellent.
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista, yet I know Vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista (I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).
I've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful, english speaking (from Vancouver) techs that walked me through the processes to help me.
I know there are way better laptops out there for the same price, and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls.
The battery life is probably an hour at best.
Great pick for portability and affordability.
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
The apple systems are over priced luxurys that arn't worth what they are being charged for, this model's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name.
WIth the upgraded memory, the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once!
Fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!
I dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers.
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine.
Even out of warranty!
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user, that makes it run way to slow.
The screen graphics and clarity, and sharpness are great.
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote.
The only thing I would change about it is the mouse keys.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.
The track pad to me is what really stands out though, you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad, awesome thinking Apple!
With all the programs that came with it, such as iLife and iWork, I was set from the very beginning.
Then the hard drive failed;
It's super fast and a great value for the price!
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
the battery is irreplaceable.
The battery life seems to be very good, and have had no issues with it.
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly.
Charger seems large for this class of computer.
I now realize that my $900 would have been better spent on a Windows laptop.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
Also, I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines.
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop.
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
Windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs.
The feel of this is better than the Toshiba, too.
Then I've fixed the DC jack (inside the unit), rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool? The after sales support is terrible.
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed.
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse!
I also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.
Whenever I call Dell about an unrelated problem, they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if I'd like to purchase more memory for $75.
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.
The applications are also very easy to find and maneuver, much easier than any other computer I have ever owned.
Then I've fixed the DC jack (inside the unit), rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.
My Toshiba did not have sound on everything, just certain things.
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies.
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics.
THE FIRST PROBLEM IS THAT THE KEYBOARD FUNCTION IS SIMPLY UNSATISFACTORY.
In addition, all the design tools on Pages and Keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations.
Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.
The battery doesn't last long but I'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem.
I guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer.
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.
Toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought Toshiba will do nothing about it.
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice;
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
I would tell the technician I knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in.
The display is incredibly bright, much brighter than my PowerBook and very crisp.
I use the computer to basically check emails, surf the web, print coupons and for my college papers.
while the keyboard itself is alright, the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons.
Acer has set me up with FREE recovery discs, when they are available since I asked.
) I also purchased  Applecare  for $300, which is a three year extended warranty, since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two.
Thus, when you carry it at a slanted angle, the screen will "topple" or "slide" down, if you understand what I mean.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
It's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor.
Not even safe mode boots.
Great value, fast delivery- Computer works as if brand new, no problems, very pleased
I 'have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty.
Called tech support and got the usual Acer "We don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" I explained there was no software involved in booting.
I love the solid machined aluminum frame, and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I've used.
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
The "abuse" is that I pushed the power plug in too hard.
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler, quicker, and easier.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
A MONTH LATER, we reinstall the OS (Vista).
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel.
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children.
can't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers.
It's fast and has excellent battery life.
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
I edit and burn to DVD a lot of video, so I obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive.
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap.
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds.
The display is awesome.
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum.
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs.
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC's.
BUT there's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows.
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB.
Mine came at $1,700 w/o a DVD burner (!).
I liked the aluminum body.
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from.
It was hard to handle and operate at school.
However, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).
I have no idea how to burn cd's or to use the web cam, just for starters.
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used, and the command prompt would not work at all.
Not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved, worked on and opened on both a PC and Mac, the versions of these programs on a Mac are graphically and functionally superior.
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba.
The unibody design is edgy and durable.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market, given their horrible support, but this machine just caused another plunge.
I am most impressed with the programming, including the iPhoto.
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook: screen size is not something I'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week.
1.You can not change your desktop background (window's 7 starter does NOT support that function).
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent...
I wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you wanted to run MS Office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store, and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in, I'd highly recommend checking this out.
They don t translate from a Mac, even on Word, resulting in a ton of run-on sentences.
Clear picture on it and everything.
I wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you wanted to run MS Office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store, and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in, I'd highly recommend checking this out.
We have had numerous problems with Vista, such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive.
I made a photo book as a gift, on my computer, pushed "Buy" and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house, the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined.
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk.
It's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!
The leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse.
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac, but MS Office doesn't even come with most pc laptops.
It is easy to navigate and update programs.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse.
Strengths:Well-shaped Weaknesses:A bad videocard!
BUT there's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows.
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it.
Every driver on the drivers/applications DVD is everything you will need for a reload.
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty, so I sent it in to be replaced and (almost 2 months later) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement.
It discharges too quickly.
Screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment.
the mouse on the pad, the left button always sticks.
1.You can not change your desktop background (window's 7 starter does NOT support that function).
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that.
This is my first Dell I heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it!
, Applications respond immediately (not like the tired MS applications).
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
I got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced, so I was now on the SECOND motherboard within 3 months.
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out.
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
With all the programs that came with it, such as iLife and iWork, I was set from the very beginning.
Have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed, etc.
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
First, you ll discover that the word processing program known as  Appleworks  rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer, if it translates at all.
Peformance is good for the price.
Size: I know 13 is small (especially for a desktop replacement) but with an external monitor, who cares.
That's very possible, but since they don't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine, I was stuck until Windows 7 came out.
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it takes a short time to load things, how easy it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worry about viruses.
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).
/ awesome cooling system/ much better grafics card (ATI 5870) / 8GB RAM/ LED backlit screen...
Called Acer many times, they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer!
They sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer, they paid postage and whatnot, but when I got my computer back it still wasn't running right, and now my CD drive wasn't reading anything!
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos.
The leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse.
This process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times.
A great feature is the spotlight search: one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword, rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document.
the mouse on the pad, the left button always sticks.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
Keyboard is great, very quiet for all the typing that I do.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great :)
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria.
But the quality, in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop.
the touch pad is fine - again, it's a real touch pad.
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that.
The screen takes some getting use to, because it is smaller than the laptop.
The battery life is amazingly long at 7hrs and 5hrs if you use it.
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
Taking it back to Best Buy I found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken (manuf issue).
But with A WAY Bigger Screen, and IS able to connect to an HDMI.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
I hate the display screen and I have done everything I could do the change it.
Sure, the initial out of pocket expense is greater, but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet, and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs, it probably comes out about even anyhow.
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you don't matter.
However the frozen screens kept happening.
The pictures are clear as can be.
You will need them if you want to reload the OS (I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal).
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures.
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade.
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers.
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
since then i have had minor problems with slow operation.
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite.
Apple care included.
Features like the font are very block-like and old school.
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING!!!
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that.
In due course, I'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash.
The price and features more than met my needs.
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor.
I bought this laptop and found its TAB is not functioning.
We use the built in tools often, iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone.
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.
Dell's customer disservice is an insult to it's customers who pay good money for shoddy products.
It works fine with our wireless and they've had not problems.
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.
As a lifelong Windows user, I was extremely pleased to make the change to Mac.
A great computer for light home use and business use.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty.
Good price.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
Yeah, of course smarty pants "fix it now")Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple (which I promptly did).
The graphics are great.
I hope to edit this in the next few hours, I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7.
I had static in the output, and I had to reduce the sound output quality to "FM" as opposed to the default "CD.
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good.
However, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).
Although the price is higher then Dell laptops, the Macbooks are worth the dough.
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things, they always come up with good looking products.
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.
I had always used PCs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive.
The display on this computer is the best I've seen in a very long time, the battery life is very long and very convienent.
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children.
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.
I can't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket.
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer.
Setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
Size: I know 13 is small (especially for a desktop replacement) but with an external monitor, who cares.
The port is secured to motherboard so when this  happens you can't see the plug at all, it's just gone.
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it, but I like the big screen on it.
Startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years, I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues.
Apple care included.
My first problem was with the pre-loaded Norton Firewall/Security program.
However, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
This time the mouse pad and right click key wouldn't work!
Simple to use, and great graphics.
After 2 months of complaints, Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies.
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
The Bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done.
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops, but the ease of use, security, and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag.
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.
Strengths:Well-shaped Weaknesses:A bad videocard!
If you want a little more custom ability, drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more.
And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).
Not easy to carry.
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution.
Its Office compatible, but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs.
Microsoft word was not on it andI had to buy it seperately.
Disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.
Whenever tried to turn it on, it would restart as soon as the BIOS launched Windows (or Winblows, as I like ot call it).
Reason why? It's because when you buy it, you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop, the price will stay the same for the next year, and even if Apple does decides to change mode, your laptop value will only drop 10-20%, unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80%.
no complaints with their desktop, and maybe because it just sits on your desktop, and you don't carry it around, which could jar the hard drive, or the motherboard.
they improved nothing else such as Resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.
It's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!
They sent out a Sony 'Certified' technician.
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac, but MS Office doesn't even come with most pc laptops.
The keyboard feels good and I type just fine on it.
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite.
they had to replace the motherboard in April
pros:  the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so.
however, I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton.
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks.
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones.
I have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.
Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.
The flaws are, this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X.
Great battery, speed, display.
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen.
The right speaker did not work.
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
With all the programs that came with it, such as iLife and iWork, I was set from the very beginning.
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.
The PhotoBooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.
Size: I know 13 is small (especially for a desktop replacement) but with an external monitor, who cares.
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use, and would not move past this error.
A great feature is the spotlight search: one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword, rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document.
If you really want a bang-up system and don't need to run Windows applications, go with an Apple;
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still didn't work.
The screen is nice, side view angles are pretty good.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
Memory is upgradable.
They sent out a Sony 'Certified' technician.
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product.
Fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual.
It was truly a great computer costing less than one thousand bucks before tax.
Call tech support, standard email the form and fax it back in to us.
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $175 to send it in to fix it.
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista.
It is easy to use, fast and has great graphics for the money.
I also purchased Office Max's "Max Assurance" with the "no lemon" clause.
The battery has never worked well.
With awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
I continued to take the computer in AGAIN and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again.
Love the graphics, awesome programs (including Garageband), and really cool default background.
With a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.
However, my girlfriend realized that the netbook's hinge is a bit loose (when you open or close the LCD).
The macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance.
Before, I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer's site.
Also, if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft, there is a charge, which I believe is robbery, since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system, which most people would have went with XP if they could.
I use this for my tutoring business, and since I'm always bouncing from student to student, it is ideal for portability and battery life (yes, it gets the 8 hours as advertised!).
Even out of warranty!
We carry the netbook around here and there, hence it's kinda of irritating when the LCD just "slide" downwards.
The large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or TV shows on your computer instead of buying an additional TV for your dorm room.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and "fixed" the edges by rounding them off.
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
The wheel that turns the volume up and down doesn't work in real time.
The pricing is very competitive.
-Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to.
We have had numerous problems with Vista, such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
Only issue is that it is a little slow, and I'm fixing that by adding more RAM.
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed (except for speaker grill) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features.
You will need them if you want to reload the OS (I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal).
The touchpad is extremely sensitive, which is the only drawback.
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it!
It's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan.
the manufacturer's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts.
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it.
The extended warranty for the $4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu.
oh yeah, and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed?
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff.
After a couple of years, my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery.
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
It is easy to navigate and update programs.
little short on RAM but you get what you pay for.
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
You know, using the computer should be fun, not aggrevation, especially when you are playing games or working with photos.
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design.
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
It is not ideal for children because of the temp.
The screen shows great colors.
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
Also the speakers are not very loud, But it is a netbook.
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program.
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side, In the way of operating a mouse in small area.
I get a ton of compliments on its size, and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus, I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you're restricted to the width of your body for computing room.
With a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.
First things first, Macbook pro has many applications to make life easier, unlike the windows computers.
I love the keyboard.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and USB ports inoperative.
It is good to know that I can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
After numerous attempts of trying (including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly), I gave up(I am a techie).
Great wifi too.
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the "human interface.
The only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2.0 hrs when not plugged in.
There is no need to open a program first and the cliick open or import.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
I dislike the weight and size, cubersome.
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003.
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program, and the program will simply open that file.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and USB ports inoperative.
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!
The Bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate, and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader (software) would not load.
The big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc!
I work in film editing and post production, so I need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid (I have tried both Motorola and HTC) plugged into the USB port.
Love the graphics, awesome programs (including Garageband), and really cool default background.
After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace.
First, it does not have a push button to open the lid.
The AMD Turin processor seems to always perform so much better than Intel.
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle.
u can do what u want in just few seconds, even to start up your computer takes few seconds.
If you really want a bang-up system and don't need to run Windows applications, go with an Apple;
The only bad part is the size/weight.
The design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.
I 'have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty.
They say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive (I don't really understand why but anyway).
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer.
In desparation, I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired (2 days old) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ("have your credit card ready").
It is so much easier to use
So, after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer, until it froze this morning--completely.
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother.
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
*=Webcam is a bit laggy, not the greatest.
10 plus hours of battery...
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG. THE PRODUCT KEY.
All the programs are easy and straight forward on my MacBook Pro, it is clean and organized, which I always strive to be myself.
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
With today's company fighting over marketshare, its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone.
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, I like the extra features, I love the windows 7 home premium.
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer.
The 17 inch screen is very large, but the computer is very light.
I love this program, it is superior to windows movie maker.
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and I'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but I still expected better product quality for this price range.
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life, as well as the many background programs that run without the user's knowlede.
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
Moral of the story:-Do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers.
All of the programs (Keynote, Pages, Numbers) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that.
The newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick, but it is still a great notebook!
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport.
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense.
Then I've fixed the DC jack (inside the unit), rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone.
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm, I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard (no keys sticking or lagging, strange configuration of "extra key", etc.
I hope to edit this in the next few hours, I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7.
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer, so I had to remove it.
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
This time the mouse pad and right click key wouldn't work!
Graphics are clean and sharp, internet interfaces are seamless.
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system can't be used with the iBook.
The first one sent: Touchpad didn't work The second sent: USB didn't work The third sent: Touchpad didn't work The fourth sent: Hasn't arrived yet.
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems, as well.
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
Sound card is limited though.
The difference is the Toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
Info: Windows failed to load because the kernal is missing, or corrupt.
At first, the computer seemed a great deal--seemingly high-end specs for a low, low price.
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I don't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows.
Garageband is easy to work with, like all the other apple applications I've had experience with.
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV.
this is my second one and the same problem, bad video card  unreliable overall, this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote.
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent.
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
of course my warranty runs out next month.
Even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger.
Peformance is good for the price.
The leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse.
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east.
The battery life has not decreased since I bought it, so i'm thrilled with that.
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place,,,it's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words, sentences, paragraphs because of this mousepad.
Yes, a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there, but there is no comparison in style, speed and just cool factor.
We use the built in tools often, iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone.
The computer was two weeks late in delivery because HP forgot to complete the required import paperwork.
We researched and found the best price at MacConnection.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard.
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard.
I could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left.
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook.
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures.
Everything is so easy to use, Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software.
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or don't want to bother them with bright lighting, it is very convenient to have a darker, softer lit screen.
I have no idea how to burn cd's or to use the web cam, just for starters.
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly.
I use iphoto all the time, which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
But after using it a couple of weeks, the overall operation is poor.
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics.
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off, too--a mark of poor construction quality.
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.
The size is perfect and I do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you.
Now, as easy as it is to use, and I do think it is a great STARTER laptop.
After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace.
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I don't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows.
Great laptop for school, easy to use for beginners in the household.
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum.
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have won't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it.
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine;
It works great for general internet use, Microsoft Office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.
(The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive.)
I've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense.
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted.
(The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive.)
Anyway, in early July of this year, the DVD burner stopped working, and the computer stared having issues with power supply.
The laptop is relatively simple to use, though I bought  Macs for Dummies,  which is well worth $2
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook: screen size is not something I'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
As a user of a PC, I will will admit that the macBook Pro has a better running system in which I found myself "Getting the job done quicker.
After 2 months of complaints, Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies.
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty, you will probably need it!
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
Three, the mac book has advantages over pcs' with linux based os there is very 'few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac.
And the ram (the thing that makes it faster) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before.
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners.
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
Setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!
A SECOND PROBLEM INVOLVES THE BATTERY WHICH IS ADVERTISED AS HAVING A STORAGE LIFE OF 11 HOURS BUT WHEN FULLY CHARGED SHOWS ONLY 7 HOURS OF SERVICE.
The screen is bright and clear, the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice.
So, I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up.
In fact, somehow (and I never opened it up) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently, behind the front of the screen, in the way of the display.
company provides UPS shipping, fast, great!
I would like to use a different operating system altogether.
WHEN TYPING, LETTERS AND SPACES ARE FREQUENTLY OMITTED REQUIRING THE USER TO REDO MANY WORDS AND SENTENCES.
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.
But when I received my replacement, I made BOTH recovery DVDs (4), and a driver/application DVD.
As with any laptop not purchased with software options, it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications.
Everything is so easy to use, Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software.
Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.
Ever since I bought this laptop, so far I've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.
The laptop is very lightweight, can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight.
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.
There are no gold key numbers too intall programs, you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time.
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time!
I made a photo book as a gift, on my computer, pushed "Buy" and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house, the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined.
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month.
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures.
It did not have all the features I expected it to have.
the speed is fine.
Being a PC user my whole life, it's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I'm finding my way around.
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer.
Boots up fast and runs great!
Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.
Now for the hardware problems.
I just took the broken cords into the Apple store and they gave me new ones.
The speed difference is next to NOTHING for a mac, and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $60 500gb external hard drive.
In early May I got it back and this time I only had it back for 1 day before it had a NEW issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they "expedited" the repairs so I was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed, by a "Senior Tech".
super fast processor and really nice graphics card..
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
The driver updates don't fix the issue, very frustrating.
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, I like the extra features, I love the windows 7 home premium.
What I'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory.
Was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued, apparently because of known motherboard problems.
the features are great, the only thing it needs is better speakers.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month.
It is easy to use, has great screen quality, and every so light weight.
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance (2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz).
It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium--delivered with only 1GB of RAM, and it was a *dog*.
Purchased for development purposes, but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing, e-mail, etc.
See when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it.
also the battery is completely shot.
The video card is great for media, and above average for gaming, but not a gamers first choice.
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive.
My one complaint with this laptop is that I've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in.
My MacBook Pro works like a dream, it has never overheated, or even been slightly warm for that matter.
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag.
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back, but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened, and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair (the price of a new one).
I'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features I need.
of course my warranty runs out next month.
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions!
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so, the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you can't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying.
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks.
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place,,,it's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words, sentences, paragraphs because of this mousepad.
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.
The graphics were awful and the warranty isn't even worth the cheap payment on the computer.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.
Also, I issued a replacement RMA for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen, which is noticable to me.
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites.
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.
The first one sent: Touchpad didn't work The second sent: USB didn't work The third sent: Touchpad didn't work The fourth sent: Hasn't arrived yet.
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter, so it's not just an isolated incident!!!
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system can't be used with the iBook.
I'm still within the one year warranty but the repair "depot"  has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not  covered.
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours.
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer.
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another.
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista, yet I know Vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista (I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).
The built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus.
They are about the same size keys.
My problem was with DELL Customer Service.
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).
I wasn't a big fan of the Netbooks but this one was very well designed.
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
It is short on space, and downloads always had problems being completed, or were said to be 'corrupted'.
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
So what am I supposed to do?  The LG service center cannot provide me the "service" when it is called the "service center".
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
I'v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand.
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing.
I made a photo book as a gift, on my computer, pushed "Buy" and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house, the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined.
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED (THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED.
I love the solid machined aluminum frame, and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I've used.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
I gave it to my daughter because I just hated the screen, hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd's when I wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).
I use iphoto all the time, which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
It is short on space, and downloads always had problems being completed, or were said to be 'corrupted'.
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.
So, I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road, hoping they can make the hinge tighter.
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate, and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader (software) would not load.
Good for every day computing and web browsing.
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag.
They say it could be the motherboard again, but Dell
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
I would like at least a 4 hr. battery life.
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
The screen graphics and clarity, and sharpness are great.
cosmetically, the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top.
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side.
Amazing Quality!
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive.
Speakers doesn't sound that great.
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys.
After that the said it was under warranty.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing.
I have only had PCs with Windows before so this takes a little getting use to.
In the shop, these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it, get it home, break the seal and use it (very clever con).
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints.
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
Vista is a nightmare.
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person, I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
There is hardly any memory on the computer's hard drive.
Great product, very easy to use and great graphics.
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff.
When you look at the specs on Apple products in comparison to a Dell or a HP, yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost.
My last computer, a Toshiba, cost only $400, and worked like a charm for many years.
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag.
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle.
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista.
( The iBook backup also uses a firewire connection).
It bluescreened on me without any warning, running simply basic Chrome.
It didn't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better.
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
It was not clear that the Microsoft Student Edition that was loaded on the computer, was a six month trial.
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time.
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard.
Programs would crash all the time, and it turned out to be a very unstable, unreliable laptop for me.
Design: very durable.
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts, and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working (this was a rock star 7 years ago).
The display is beyond horrible.
Easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops.
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.
The games included are very good games.
however, I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton.
The only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time.
The dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
Web access through the 3G network is so slow, it's very frustrating and VERY DISAPPOINTING.
The computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my PC did, and I have all of the programs that were on my PC.
Until I bought the Dell, I thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely.
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use, very important for use quick typers.
Startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.
Also, because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer, some websites wouldn't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems.
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price, but you cannot find the look, easy, applications, and the experience in mac.
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.
I have other computers that get strong signals that don't drop in places that this "net"book loses its signal.
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista?
A MONTH LATER, we reinstall the OS (Vista).
The ATI graphics card is a huge plus, definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a Intel built-in card would have trouble with, such as Half-Life 2 or even World of Warcraft.
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased.
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back, but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened, and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair (the price of a new one).
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts, and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working (this was a rock star 7 years ago).
Though the picture, video, and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to (CS5) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers.
I thought the price was great for the specs.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
The battery doesn't last long but I'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem.
It didn't come with any software installed outside of windows media, but for the price, I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product.
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.
Again- windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with!
Quality Display  I love HP,, it's the only computer/printer we will buy.
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it!
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop.
It's wonderful for computer gaming.
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures.
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back, but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened, and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair (the price of a new one).
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself.
With all the programs that came with it, such as iLife and iWork, I was set from the very beginning.
But the arm velcro is torn after one use.
This is a great little computer for the price.
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.
The Bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.
and looks very sexyy:D  really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price.
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
Ever since I bought this laptop, so far I've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one.
The i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos.
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
Yeah, of course smarty pants "fix it now")Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple (which I promptly did).
In addition, there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture.
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you can't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.
Also, I issued a replacement RMA for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen, which is noticable to me.
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers.
Startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.
I saw walmart had the same computer for about $650 but still knowing what I know now,I would not buy it at that price.
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing speeds.
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that.
I had static in the output, and I had to reduce the sound output quality to "FM" as opposed to the default "CD.
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm, I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard (no keys sticking or lagging, strange configuration of "extra key", etc.
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing.
Although the price is higher then Dell laptops, the Macbooks are worth the dough.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
Loaded with bloatware.
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
I thought learning the Mac OS would be hard, but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a PC.
also you may need to charge it once a day, if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac  the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it.
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.
I picked it out because it was inexpensive ($400) and I thought it would be a good, easy to use first laptop.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid (I have tried both Motorola and HTC) plugged into the USB port.
And the ram (the thing that makes it faster) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before.
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter.
I edit and burn to DVD a lot of video, so I obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive.
Overall the computer is very easy to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
It is not ideal for children because of the temp.
It's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
oh yeah, and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed?
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.
So, after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer, until it froze this morning--completely.
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure isn't reflected in the retail price.
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer, so I had to remove it.
It is also very lightweight, making transporting this computer very easy.
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the "human interface.
When you look at the specs on Apple products in comparison to a Dell or a HP, yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost.
I was taught to use Photoshop and was amazed.
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid.
Although the price is higher then Dell laptops, the Macbooks are worth the dough.
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price, but you cannot find the look, easy, applications, and the experience in mac.
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.
It has plenty of memory, lots of hard drive, and great graphics.
Until I bought the Dell, I thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it.
It has a faster processor and more ram.
-Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to.
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
also the battery is completely shot.
BEST BUY - 5 STARS + + + (sales, service, respect for old men who aren't familiar with the technology) DELL COMPUTERS - 3 stars DELL SUPPORT - owes a me a couple
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR.
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on.
It's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with.
The leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse.
Setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter, thru Windows 7 Home Premium, to Windows 7 Professional was a snap;
The brand is tarnished in my heart.
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys.
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
Have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed, etc.
I play a lot of casual games online, and the touchpad is very responsive.
Before, I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer's site.
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed.
Yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications.
I still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to!
It is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame.
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
The repairs were made quickly though I must say, however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me.
I was a little weary at purchasing another 13" macbook almost 2 years later but t looks like the newer macbooks have gotten its current line of graphics cards in order this time around.
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.
Also kinda loud when the fan was running.
Overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.
Even so, I like playing online games, so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows.
After that the said it was under warranty.
When you look at the specs on Apple products in comparison to a Dell or a HP, yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost.
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
Also, if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft, there is a charge, which I believe is robbery, since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system, which most people would have went with XP if they could.
I'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages.
I mainly use it for email, internet, and managing personal files (pics, vids, etc.).
The processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.
Overall, I experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old PC.
For the Bluetooth to work properly, you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD, or it will not show after the reload.
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
also you may need to charge it once a day, if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac  the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3.
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines.
While it was highly rated, would I like it? I tried the keyboard at the store, and it seemed ok.
The first one sent: Touchpad didn't work The second sent: USB didn't work The third sent: Touchpad didn't work The fourth sent: Hasn't arrived yet.
Plain and simple, it(laptop) runs great and loads fast.
) I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store.
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons.
The PhotoBooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook: screen size is not something I'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week.
First it burned or fused the power adapter plug.
The dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed.
Quality Display  I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.
It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium--delivered with only 1GB of RAM, and it was a *dog*.
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty.
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person, I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
Needs longer lasting battery, More than 1 to 2 Hrs.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
) I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store.
So what am I supposed to do?  The LG service center cannot provide me the "service" when it is called the "service center".
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty, able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor.
But after using it a couple of weeks, the overall operation is poor.
The difference is it's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now, still learning the Apple navigation, but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps.
When we bought our new HP comouter in Dec. of 2008, we wanted Windows XP, but were told it would cost an extra $159, so we went with Vista.
I don't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included.
It works great for general internet use, Microsoft Office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.
It's now all commodity hardware.
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move.
I previously purchased a 13" macbook (had pro specs and was aluminum style) which had a nvidia 9800 (If I am not mistaken) and it had major heating issues.
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to, but overall it's worth it!
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on.
Simple to use, and great graphics.
After 2 months of complaints, Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies.
I would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a Desktop it does not meet the expectations.
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years, I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues.
Being a PC user my whole life, it's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I'm finding my way around.
The screen is framed by half- to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary, reduces the screen size and increases the bulk.
It's perfect for everything and runs faster than an average pc!
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely.
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations.
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased.
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate, and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader (software) would not load.
the i3 processor doesn't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on.
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently.
This is my first Dell I heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it!
Not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved, worked on and opened on both a PC and Mac, the versions of these programs on a Mac are graphically and functionally superior.
I also purchased Office Max's "Max Assurance" with the "no lemon" clause.
Runs Hot  I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product.
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly.
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.
Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.
Called Acer many times, they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer!
Compared to similarly spec'd PCs, this machine is good value, well built and works easily right out of the box.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
Also, I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly.
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you :)
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system can't be used with the iBook.
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership, so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan.
The delivery was fast, and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again.
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.
Additional caveat: the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user's liking.
This computer I used daily nice compact design.
I will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when I do so I don't run accross a situation like this again!
I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired.
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7.
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
Mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free.
It's now all commodity hardware.
The only downfall is the volume control.
Right size and weight for portability.
So, the hard disk capacity really doesn't matter to me.
The DVD burner broke after burning 3 DVD'd during that time!
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
no complaints with their desktop, and maybe because it just sits on your desktop, and you don't carry it around, which could jar the hard drive, or the motherboard.
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED (THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED.
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive.
When we bought our new HP comouter in Dec. of 2008, we wanted Windows XP, but were told it would cost an extra $159, so we went with Vista.
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED (THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED.
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly!
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum.
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops.
The battery life is probably an hour at best.
Price and purpose is awesome!
cosmetically, the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top.
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty.
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
After that the said it was under warranty.
Now the screen is going darker, darker, darker.
Yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed.
As usual at customer service center, she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague (I could see them).
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons.
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
We have had numerous problems with Vista, such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.
Images are crisp and clean.
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.
My computer froze on several occasion, had buttons that randomely would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all.
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.
A MONTH LATER, we reinstall the OS (Vista).
The minute you fire it up it's all good, very easy user interface.
But with A WAY Bigger Screen, and IS able to connect to an HDMI.
Sound card is limited though.
Other than that, I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
I don't have stupid pop up windows (even when I have pop ups blocked), I don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down.
It didn't come with any software installed outside of windows media, but for the price, I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product.
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before!
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC  Specs: Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I've had in the past.
Going to bring it to service today.
Once again, I was told it was the suspicious  power supply  problem.
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite.
Worse, for the price I could get a *netbook* that outperforms this machine.
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed.
The extended warranty for the $4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu.
they improved nothing else such as Resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.
It is well worth the money it cost, Very good investment.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
The screen is huge and coloful, but no LED backlighting.
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty.
The magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great (I even put it to the test by accident)- excellent innovation!
Also, HDD secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.
it might be something deep within Windows, for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.
I've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.
The only thing that isn't perfect about this netbook is the speakers, they are not loud at all but I expected that.
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty, able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose.
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from PC;
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines.
I'm still within the one year warranty but the repair "depot"  has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not  covered.
Very fast boot up and shut down.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
The only thing that can be updated is the video, other than that you're all set.
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable.
With all the programs that came with it, such as iLife and iWork, I was set from the very beginning.
Asus facial recognition doesn't work and windows logon isn't either.
How Toshiba handles the repair seems to vary, some folks  indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix, others had the  repair done 5 times.
I work in film editing and post production, so I need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.
If upgrade is possible to the full Windows 7, then I will truly be a very happy geek.
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed.
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me (I prefer it dark) or if you can crank up the brightness.
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it.
Until I bought the Dell, I thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure isn't reflected in the retail price.
It is a REAL touchpad, not the toy I saw in other brands.
But to be honest, I don't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming.
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again.
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it!
I chose the iBookG4, a laptop that is an attractive computer with a large screen big enough to please anyone.
With all the programs that came with it, such as iLife and iWork, I was set from the very beginning.
Of course, I inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and I even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others.
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and USB ports inoperative.
WIth the upgraded memory, the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once!
I work in film editing and post production, so I need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.
The battery gets so HOT it is scary.
The company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized.
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
True quality at a great price!
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
in May I started having problems with the USB ports not working.
It's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with.
It's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum, easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics.
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
The programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook: screen size is not something I'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week.
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again, everything from programs and drivers failing again, to it powering off for no reason, to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues.
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly!
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and I'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but I still expected better product quality for this price range.
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
Also, I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines.
Besides the great look, it is a great machine.
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista?
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed (except for speaker grill) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all.
I love the glass touchpad.
But to be honest, I don't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming.
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.
Other installed features, such as certain printer software, are also most attractive.
I have no idea how to burn cd's or to use the web cam, just for starters.
The repairs were made quickly though I must say, however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me.
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor.
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow.
I love the multi-touch trackpad.
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
If you don't feel comfortable doing it yourself, just buy the case and be happy, plus it looks nice, I bought the white one from Best Buy.
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard.
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro, the monitor has completely died.
Looks nice, but has a horribly cheap feel.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
Charger seems large for this class of computer.
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate.
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty, so I sent it in to be replaced and (almost 2 months later) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement.
Many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed.
Yes, a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there, but there is no comparison in style, speed and just cool factor.
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home.
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
I had upgraded my old MacBook to Lion, so I kind of knew what I was getting, but hadn't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features.
Features such as the Dashboard (allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator, weather forecast, movie times, calendar, computer post its etc.
So what am I supposed to do?  The LG service center cannot provide me the "service" when it is called the "service center".
Its fast, has High definition quality in the videos.
I also purchased Office Max's "Max Assurance" with the "no lemon" clause.
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out.
