Theres also iDVD, a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together- photos, recordings, video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents, family, siblings, and any other person important in your life that there may be.
WIth the upgraded memory, the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once!
It is so simple to use, I use it more than my desktop.
Otherwise, all other features are a 1
I have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing.
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up, not able to connect.
The program came with the computer and works beautifully.
It just works flawlessly!
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again, everything from programs and drivers failing again, to it powering off for no reason, to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues.
Theres a built in camera with special effects- for video and photography.
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership, so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan.
Love the speed, especially!
(The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive.)
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better, but am very happy with the upgrade.
I especially like the backlit keyboard.
I also purchased Office Max's "Max Assurance" with the "no lemon" clause.
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop, and the battery life is amazing.
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great :)
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great!
That's very possible, but since they don't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine, I was stuck until Windows 7 came out.
If you really want a bang-up system and don't need to run Windows applications, go with an Apple;
Even out of warranty!
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
They have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and I'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular.
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better.
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in.
It's color is even cool.
can't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers.
Yes, I thought the expese was a little much, but I now realize you get what you pay for.
Runs Hot  I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product.
I mainly use it for email, internet, and managing personal files (pics, vids, etc.).
With awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!
The keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops I have had in the past.
Also kinda loud when the fan was running.
My ONLY issues are: 1) the screen/video resolution won't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
I love the size, keyboard, the functions.
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more.
Apple care included.
I'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features I need.
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price.
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.
Comes with iMovie;
Who couldn't love a DVD burner, 80-gigabyte HD, and fairly new graphics chip? As I soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more: they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.
It gets stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work.
It is easy to navigate and update programs.
) I also purchased  Applecare  for $300, which is a three year extended warranty, since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two.
But to be honest, I don't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming.
They gave me a hard time yet again, but their was a malfunction in the battery itself, it didn't die.
It's also very capable of doing moderate video editing (although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing).
The difference is it's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now, still learning the Apple navigation, but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps.
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.
lots of preloaded software.
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move.
For the [$] price (special offer) this is a great laptop.
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small.
Everything about this computer is easy to use.
The trackpad was easy to learn and navigate.
Called Acer many times, they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer!
Call tech support, standard email the form and fax it back in to us.
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault.
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM, the computer was kinda slow.
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it.
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me, but I have just been using firefox instead.
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped.
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.
It works really well.
Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture.
The battery life also doesn't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
I bought this last week, and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding.
When you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing.
I don't have stupid pop up windows (even when I have pop ups blocked), I don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down.
It runs perfectly.
The Apple applications (ex.iPhoto) are fun, easy, and really cool to use (unlike the competition)!
I have other computers that get strong signals that don't drop in places that this "net"book loses its signal.
Treat yourself to a more expensive, long-lasting laptop of quality like a Sony, Apple, or Toshiba.
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly.
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied.
Then I've fixed the DC jack (inside the unit), rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down.
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought.
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty, and that products with  extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore.
I have no idea how to burn cd's or to use the web cam, just for starters.
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm, I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard (no keys sticking or lagging, strange configuration of "extra key", etc.
I thought the price was great for the specs.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.
On my PowerBook G4 I would never use the trackpad I would use an external mouse because I didn't like the trackpad.
I have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute.
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped.
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
For those that care about noise this thing doesn't really make any;
I took it in to the Apple store and guess what? They fixed it, no cost out of pocket.
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer.
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty.
I upgraded it's RAM to 2GB, I am very happy with it.
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect.
Also, HDD secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk.
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED (THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
The other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes, the most common being a corrupted version of Appleworks which can render the browser useless.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
I get a ton of compliments on its size, and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus, I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you're restricted to the width of your body for computing room.
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.
( The iBook backup also uses a firewire connection).
Again, decent comp for the price, and I was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me.
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery.
I had to pay $100 for a universal charger for this cheap $300 laptop.
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well, but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing.
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance (2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz).
No, tey don't even support their own bios and it "could be a problem with the bios" How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity??!!
It's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than I could ever expect from a notebook.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
Also, my sister got the exact same laptop (since they were so cheap) and after 8 months, the screen split in half just from everyday use.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
Unfortunately, Apple's quality has continued to slide.
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard.
After 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off.
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 (with harman/kardon speakers!) in December of 2005.
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3.
First it burned or fused the power adapter plug.
Asus facial recognition doesn't work and windows logon isn't either.
Great OS, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time!
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops, but the ease of use, security, and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag.
Love that it doesn't take up space like a regular computer.
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.
It is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I've seen.
They claim call center is still down.
This computer doesn't do that well with certain games it can't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
I was disappointed when I realized that the keyboard doesn't light up on this model.
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos.
The quality, engineering design and warranty are superior--covers damage from dropping the laptop.
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro, the monitor has completely died.
The improvements to the OS have been relatively gradual, but substantive.
Quality Display  I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.
In desparation, I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired (2 days old) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ("have your credit card ready").
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service.
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to, so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased.
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed.
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose.
Very good quality and well made.
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
Fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
-Called headquarters again, they report that TFT panel is broken, should be fixed by the end of the week (week 3).
I recommend for word processing and internet users.
Called tech support and got the usual Acer "We don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" I explained there was no software involved in booting.
One drawback I noticed was sound quality via USB.
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
it might be something deep within Windows, for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system.
I will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when I do so I don't run accross a situation like this again!
My computer froze on several occasion, had buttons that randomely would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all.
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space (500GB instead of 320GB) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk.
the mouse on the pad, the left button always sticks.
The sheer power and flexibility makes the MacBook Pro a must have for any techie!
With all the programs that came with it, such as iLife and iWork, I was set from the very beginning.
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
My main reason to convert was the imovie program.
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV.
Great battery, speed, display.
The DVD burner broke after burning 3 DVD'd during that time!
A cheaper price should not equal a "cheap" product.
The image is great, and the soud is excelent.
It's so bad that I'm thinking I only got half a battery or something.
The Mac version of Microsoft Office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well.
After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace.
And if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed.
The laptop was very easy to set up.
But to be honest, the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time.
It's software and speed enable it to do amazing things.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.
I've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.
The tech store I purchased this from sent it back,,,,,eventually I got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later.
Do you think I purposely "destroy" my netbook, so that I can demand a new set? Do you think it's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution? Or rather NO solution.
The quality, engineering design and warranty are superior--covers damage from dropping the laptop.
In the shop, these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it, get it home, break the seal and use it (very clever con).
Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer.
in May I started having problems with the USB ports not working.
All for such a great price.
The battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.
only good thing is the graphics quality.
Even so, I like playing online games, so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows.
The i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos.
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid, (mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed) but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out.
Actually, I had noticed the one on the sales floor also didn't have sound!
The video card is great for media, and above average for gaming, but not a gamers first choice.
I sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty, so I got a new one and some other fixes they found.
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos.
It's software and speed enable it to do amazing things.
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months.
Microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems.
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made, yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet!
But you must get the 15 inch.
I have only had PCs with Windows before so this takes a little getting use to.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
no complaints with their desktop, and maybe because it just sits on your desktop, and you don't carry it around, which could jar the hard drive, or the motherboard.
(The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive.)
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16" laptop does.
Sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size.
After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace.
I know there are way better laptops out there for the same price, and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls.
That system is fixed.
All of the programs (Keynote, Pages, Numbers) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.
For me, keys were starting to get stuck and wouldn't type very well.
It does not even have the software to play a dvd now.
Now mainboard is broken, have to wait for a new one.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
Graphics are clean and sharp, internet interfaces are seamless.
I use a cooling pad but it doesn't help.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs.
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.
They offer the best warranty in the business, and don't 3rd party it out like Toshiba.
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.
Who couldn't love a DVD burner, 80-gigabyte HD, and fairly new graphics chip? As I soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more: they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space.
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.
The graphics are stunning.
It did fairly well, other than it's poor performance, overheating and occational blue screen.
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING!!!
The ease of set up was terrific.
The shop will definitely push the problem to the service center.
Oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all I use the old word processer which works good.
It's not a wear-and-tear issue, not due to user carelessness and most importantly, they CAN'T guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and I have to accept the outcome.
The processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.
It is everything I'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint, but somehow a bit more sturdy.
It is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it.
not using wired lan not sure what thats about.
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics.
I preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch.
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently.
I ordered through MacMall, which saved me the sales tax I would have incurred buying locally.
Also, if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft, there is a charge, which I believe is robbery, since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system, which most people would have went with XP if they could.
It's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks.
If a website ever freezes (which is rare), its really easy to force quit.
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
From the get-go, the M6809 was unsteady in its operation;
After 2 months of complaints, Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies.
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista?
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.
Getting the Apple Care plan is a must.
The Bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done.
It's applications are terrific, including the replacements for Microsoft office.
The sound is a bit quiet if you're on a plane, this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones.
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!
The battery life is also relatively good.
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
">  iPhoto is probably the best program I have ever worked with: easy and convenient.
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac, but MS Office doesn't even come with most pc laptops.
Which is great I am running Vista Business and scored a 5.X on the index I have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5's.
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or don't want to bother them with bright lighting, it is very convenient to have a darker, softer lit screen.
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.
Also, I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly.
The OS is also very user friendly, even for those that switch from a PC, with a little practice you can take full advantage of this OS!
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs.
But when I received my replacement, I made BOTH recovery DVDs (4), and a driver/application DVD.
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate.
Easy to carry, can be taken anywhere, can be hooked up to printers,headsets.
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.
What I'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
The display on this computer is the best I've seen in a very long time, the battery life is very long and very convienent.
Suffice it to say, my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice;
The design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
As a die-hard Windows enthusiast, I shunned the idea of a Mac until this point.
THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer, left right and front.
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I don't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows.
The Macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.
It has plenty of memory, lots of hard drive, and great graphics.
I am using the external speaker- sound is good.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.
One drawback, I wish the keys were backlit.
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs.
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you can't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small.
The PhotoBooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE.
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from.
True quality at a great price!
You can't even get a satellite card which is why I bought to begin with.
Wonderful zooming.
It was a great laptop, ran great and was really fast.
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
Who couldn't love a DVD burner, 80-gigabyte HD, and fairly new graphics chip? As I soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more: they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
Browsing, also, was no problem for me when I used itunes ( which usually slows down my PC ).
The price is great for this model, I only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room.
Oh and if thats not bad enough it doesn't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $25 for two cds.
The OS is also very user friendly, even for those that switch from a PC, with a little practice you can take full advantage of this OS!
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.
They break down just as often as PCs do, and the only reason they don't get viruses, is because no one makes viruses for them, they're not better in any way, they are worse, try finding virus protection programs for a Mac, they don't exist.
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing.
previous laptops were pc's, still have them, but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system.
My macbook is so much better looking and so thin!
If your time is worth anything to you, if you are tired of rebooting, reformatting, reinstalling, trying to find drivers, if you want a computer to work for you for a change, make the change to this computer.
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary.
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!
The store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they don't even recommend the HP brand because of the problems with their warrentys.
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price.
Of course, for a student, weight is always an issue.
But Sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars.
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
I mainly use it for email, internet, and managing personal files (pics, vids, etc.).
They sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer, they paid postage and whatnot, but when I got my computer back it still wasn't running right, and now my CD drive wasn't reading anything!
I was said it's videocard.
Mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free.
Garageband is easy to work with, like all the other apple applications I've had experience with.
You will need them if you want to reload the OS (I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal).
The keyboard is top notch.
I love the operating system and the preloaded software.
I bought a cordless mouse for it, but don't always take it out;
Fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college.
With the macbook pro it comes with free security software to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails.
Also, because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer, some websites wouldn't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems.
The layout of the MacBook is horrible and confusing;
) And printing from either word processor is an adventure.
I had a USB connect but, i can't use it because it is not compatible.
I was also able to install and use my Photoshop and AfterEffects programs easily.
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed.
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.
As with any laptop not purchased with software options, it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications.
It's applications are terrific, including the replacements for Microsoft office.
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
the key bindings take a little getting used to, but have loved the Macbook Pro.
The screen is framed by half- to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary, reduces the screen size and increases the bulk.
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.
Not too much "junk" software to remove.
I charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life.
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side, In the way of operating a mouse in small area.
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.
I made a photo book as a gift, on my computer, pushed "Buy" and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house, the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined.
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook!
One more tip, please purchase this model and get a 4GB stick of RAM to save you $10
The best thing to do is build your own computer, but if u can't company's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $2000 systems and if you google "dell coupons" you can find codes that take a signifant  amount off the price.
I wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you wanted to run MS Office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store, and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in, I'd highly recommend checking this out.
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor.
The battery gets so HOT it is scary.
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely cannot be without.
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!
The screen is framed by half- to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary, reduces the screen size and increases the bulk.
Browsing, also, was no problem for me when I used itunes ( which usually slows down my PC ).
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
All I will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap Vaio.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
When I called Sony the Customer Service was Great.
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased.
Fan noise: The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background.
After paying several hundred dollars for this service, it is frustrating that you cannot get help after hours.
The leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse.
Whenever I call Dell about an unrelated problem, they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if I'd like to purchase more memory for $75.
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed.
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer (when they have a certain promotion/offer going, of course)!
The capabilities using that program alone made me want a Mac.
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to.
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty.
A great computer for light home use and business use.
Anyway, in early July of this year, the DVD burner stopped working, and the computer stared having issues with power supply.
The graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid.
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC.
The price was very good, and the product is top quality.
With Windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
My friend just had to replace his entire motherboard, so did my wife, and it looks like I will have to as well.
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down.
Only issue is that it is a little slow, and I'm fixing that by adding more RAM.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
Theres also iDVD, a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together- photos, recordings, video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents, family, siblings, and any other person important in your life that there may be.
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again, everything from programs and drivers failing again, to it powering off for no reason, to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues.
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions.
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use, and would not move past this error.
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.
Games being the main issue.
I also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad.
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again.
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful!
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site, then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works.
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop.
The only thing I wish is the 15 inch MacBook Pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard.
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
Everything is so easy to use, Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software.
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!
The quality, engineering design and warranty are superior--covers damage from dropping the laptop.
The programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time, we are on the hook for the repair.
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $175 and it was fixed.
Bigger HD, better graphics card, and a bid HD.
It didn't come with any software installed outside of windows media, but for the price, I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product.
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot.
My laptop cost approximately $2,300 and DIED after only 2-years, 10-months and 18-days of use.
Registration/1st use is easy.
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive.
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more, or buy a USB wireless card.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
Battery life needs more life.
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook.
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.
For me I was lucky and a local store was selling them for $2000 off and Best Buy matched their price so I was able to buy one for under $1000
The programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
From the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple.
We have had numerous problems with Vista, such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.
Also, because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer, some websites wouldn't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems.
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler, quicker, and easier.
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.
This is a great value for the money.
while the keyboard itself is alright, the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons.
You won't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet.
Asked the customer service rep.
however, I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton.
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
I 'have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty.
Suffice it to say, my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer.
Then I've fixed the DC jack (inside the unit), rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.
I previously purchased a 13" macbook (had pro specs and was aluminum style) which had a nvidia 9800 (If I am not mistaken) and it had major heating issues.
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR.
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection.
Sony parts reliability and quality of service is recenlty the worst.
Also, one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp, if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells, it doesn't seem to be a problem.
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
I considered I may have too much on the computer, but after looking, there was plenty of space and that is not the issue.
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use.
They replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board.
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter, thru Windows 7 Home Premium, to Windows 7 Professional was a snap;
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV.
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite.
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy.
Needs longer lasting battery, More than 1 to 2 Hrs.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
The resolution is even higher then any other laptop on the market.
I do transcription work on the side, and the flatline keyboard makes typing quick and easy as well.
It runs very quiet too which is a plus.
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV.
The processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.
I'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.
I am using the external speaker- sound is good.
" This isn't a big deal, I haven't noticed the issue with DVDs or other media, only through USB output.
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used, and the command prompt would not work at all.
) I also purchased  Applecare  for $300, which is a three year extended warranty, since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two.
It even has a great webcam, and Skype works very well.
I don't have stupid pop up windows (even when I have pop ups blocked), I don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down.
I would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a Desktop it does not meet the expectations.
The brand is tarnished in my heart.
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about.
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.
Until I bought the Dell, I thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.
My ONLY issues are: 1) the screen/video resolution won't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
Then I've fixed the DC jack (inside the unit), rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures.
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003.
Ive had to call tech support many times.
Yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.
They sent out a Sony 'Certified' technician.
Right size and weight for portability.
the screen brightness automatically adjusts.
It has plenty of memory, lots of hard drive, and great graphics.
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications.
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and I'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but I still expected better product quality for this price range.
I have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
iTunes is a handy music-management program, and it is essential for anyone with an iPod.
The screen shows great colors.
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me, but I have just been using firefox instead.
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily.
There is no need to purchase virus protection for Mac, which saves me a lot of time and money.
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program, and the program will simply open that file.
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks, and I am impressed with the intuition of the design, the beauty of the product, and the excellent technological advances associated with it.
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.
Setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.
I bought it from HSN because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan.
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly, and multiple at a time if you sowish.
They are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with.
It is super easy to use.
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle, and when I click on it it says: " Consider replacing your battery" and it does not hold full charge.
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).
Size: I know 13 is small (especially for a desktop replacement) but with an external monitor, who cares.
We love the size of the screen, although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around.
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports.
Didn't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop (same make/model).
It is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.
Garageband is more for the musicians, and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone, good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level.
Good monitor and performed well.
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit.
Whenever tried to turn it on, it would restart as soon as the BIOS launched Windows (or Winblows, as I like ot call it).
But guess what?  (you have to buy an external dvd drive it doesn't have a built in type) The notebook can't be used because it doesn't read anything for an external drive.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
Granted, it's still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops, my Mac boots up noticeably quicker.
Plain and simple, it(laptop) runs great and loads fast.
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler, quicker, and easier.
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well.
It is easy to use and lightweight.
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up.
Can't close the 2nd HDD bay since there are brackets you have to break off (even then, it still doesn't shut) That could be a major flaw for the dual HDD user.
i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck.
Ever since I bought this laptop, so far I've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.
However, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.
Features such as the Dashboard (allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator, weather forecast, movie times, calendar, computer post its etc.
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that.
Windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning.
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
The materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere.
At first, the computer seemed a great deal--seemingly high-end specs for a low, low price.
the mouse on the pad, the left button always sticks.
Small enough to use on a long flight, Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips.
Typically, when I purchase a new laptop I always end up using an external mouse for convenience.
My husband uses it mostly for games, email and music.
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty.
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to, but overall it's worth it!
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.
Who couldn't love a DVD burner, 80-gigabyte HD, and fairly new graphics chip? As I soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more: they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.
All in all, a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service.
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have won't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it.
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK!!!
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!
I love the easy to see screen, and It works well for work, persoal or just play.
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes.
Even so, I like playing online games, so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows.
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly.
I can render AVCHD movies with little effort, which was a problem for most pc's unless you had a quad core I7.
With a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.
The reality was, it heated up very quickly, and took way too long to do simple things, like opening my Documents folder.
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature.
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit.
It's now all commodity hardware.
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space.
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.
With all the programs that came with it, such as iLife and iWork, I was set from the very beginning.
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability.
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard!
The much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare.
Mac is not made for gaming.
cosmetically, the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top.
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
Since I've had this computer I've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth.
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at, I think there's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs.
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use, very important for use quick typers.
Additional caveat: the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user's liking.
Despite the inconvenient weight, I opted for the 12 cell battery.
Also consider the MS Office apps are all trial versions, hope you have your own copies.
The only thing I didn't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection, in case it gets broken, or crashes etc.
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7.
I also liked the glass screen.
The battery is really long.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
We figure that after everything HIS pc actually ended up costing $350 more than my original Mac.
Not to mention it has shit gigs.
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs, clean cookies, and delete unused files.
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another.
The Toshiba laptop I am using is easier to use than most I have tried.
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch.
The leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse.
The computer runs extremely slowly, whether opening Word or My Computer.
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service.
Worse, for the price I could get a *netbook* that outperforms this machine.
So, I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up.
Web access through the 3G network is so slow, it's very frustrating and VERY DISAPPOINTING.
10 hours of battery life is really something else....
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
-Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to.
That's very possible, but since they don't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine, I was stuck until Windows 7 came out.
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff.
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better.
The only thing that I have, is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters, would help if it was a little lighter then it is.
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service.
But I needed a laptop for school use.
The Toshiba Net book operates very well.
We have had numerous problems with Vista, such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made, yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet!
Theres also iDVD, a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together- photos, recordings, video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents, family, siblings, and any other person important in your life that there may be.
It has a faster processor and more ram.
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted.
I had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a "different" computer.
The speed difference is next to NOTHING for a mac, and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $60 500gb external hard drive.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.
Oh yea, has no numeric pad on the side.
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy.
The battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.
:-)If you buy this - don't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.
It's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!
Also, the extended warranty was a problem.
Features such as the Dashboard (allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator, weather forecast, movie times, calendar, computer post its etc.
Maybe this is virus related, maybe not, but the computer has locked up many times, and on two occasions, the screen has simply gone black.
the mouse is way way way to sensitve.
I couldn't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge.
It has many great programs, such as ILife, iPhotos and others.
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
Well, I have to say since I bought my Mac, I won't ever go back to any Windows.
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel.
The only thing that isn't perfect about this netbook is the speakers, they are not loud at all but I expected that.
They say sorry out of warranty.
You know, using the computer should be fun, not aggrevation, especially when you are playing games or working with photos.
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.
And if you do a lot of writing, editing is a problem since there is no  forward delete  key.
Also, HDD secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.
But, for the cost this is a winner.
Eventually my battery wouldn't charge, so unless I had it plugged in it wouldn't even power on.
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front.
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
Took me 11 hours, 3 trips to different FedEx offices, and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse IT support technicians in the world.
Downfalls: sharp edges.
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again.
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming.
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista.
they improved nothing else such as Resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
The service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and wasn't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance.
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
Asus facial recognition doesn't work and windows logon isn't either.
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere.
The screen is bright and clear, the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice.
they improved nothing else such as Resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.
I am ADDICTED to photo booth!
Though the picture, video, and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to (CS5) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers.
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
I find myself using the 10-key more than I thought I would.
There's literally no way to make it sing with Vista.
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance (2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz).
No tutorials on the display.
The Internet Explorer was very slow from the very beginning.
My wireless system would not recognize Windows 7 and I couldn't get online to find out why.
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company.
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $175 to send it in to fix it.
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours.
In fact, somehow (and I never opened it up) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently, behind the front of the screen, in the way of the display.
The laptop is very lightweight, can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight.
The screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze.
I am most impressed with the programming, including the iPhoto.
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online.
I use this for my tutoring business, and since I'm always bouncing from student to student, it is ideal for portability and battery life (yes, it gets the 8 hours as advertised!).
While it was highly rated, would I like it? I tried the keyboard at the store, and it seemed ok.
System is loosing about 20% of performance because of that.
Also, HDD secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system can't be used with the iBook.
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
If you want a little more custom ability, drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more.
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use.
Good for every day computing and web browsing.
Everything about the Mac is not only visually appealing, but very easy to use.
It was slow, locked up, and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months!
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs.
It is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.
It's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum, easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics.
Three, the mac book has advantages over pcs' with linux based os there is very 'few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac.
The battery life is great.
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated, but once you get past the initial expense you'll find that they're worth every penny (besides, there's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers).
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
I love a "pc" but I was ready for a change and tired of the windows system.
It has many great programs, such as ILife, iPhotos and others.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.
This is great if you have several lectures back to back and don't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures.
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere, but still has a big enough screen to get everything done.
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
I've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful, english speaking (from Vancouver) techs that walked me through the processes to help me.
I have no idea how to burn cd's or to use the web cam, just for starters.
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies.
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
I previously purchased a 13" macbook (had pro specs and was aluminum style) which had a nvidia 9800 (If I am not mistaken) and it had major heating issues.
however, I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton.
He has replaced his hard drive twice and (of course) has had to pay for antivirus software every year.
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and cannot be downloaded.
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers.
Of course, I inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and I even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others.
I love the feel of the key board, as well as the trackpad.
Sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer.
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly.
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista, yet I know Vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista (I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
The screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it's very noticeable.
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop.
I love the feel of the key board, as well as the trackpad.
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty, able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself.
(If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it shouldn't, check the "Activity Monitor" app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero.
The dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership, so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan.
Quality Display  I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.
it might be something deep within Windows, for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.
So, I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road, hoping they can make the hinge tighter.
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it.
great battery life.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.
It is very well built.
I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired.
Support has been lackluster and now I just want a refund.
This is the first time that I tried and owning a netbook although I have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years, I find not much difference except of course for the screen size.
The backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark.
Also, the battery does not last very long at all.
Info: Windows failed to load because the kernal is missing, or corrupt.
I was originally concerned that I couldn't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting, but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs.
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive.
So, I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road, hoping they can make the hinge tighter.
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased.
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop.
I work in film editing and post production, so I need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program, and the program will simply open that file.
Finally, I should note that I took the 2GB RAM stick from my old EeePC and installed it before I even powered on for the first time.
Overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.
The software is amazing.
I don't have stupid pop up windows (even when I have pop ups blocked), I don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down.
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy, and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer, which is also a mac.
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista.
Without a doubt, the *design* of this laptop is fantastic.
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life, as well as the many background programs that run without the user's knowlede.
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the "human interface.
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system.
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
Fast, great visual!
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great!
If you really want a bang-up system and don't need to run Windows applications, go with an Apple;
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote.
The only thing that I don't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to.
We use the built in tools often, iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone.
The system it comes with does not work properly, so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all.
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.
Love the graphics, awesome programs (including Garageband), and really cool default background.
The hard drive crashed as well, and I had to buy a new  power cord.
Screen is awesome, battery life is good.
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.
But to be honest, I don't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming.
wonderful features.
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons.
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and USB ports inoperative.
I was ready to take it back for a refund, but the Geek Squad camed through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed.
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started.
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time.
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better.
The Unibody construction is solid, sleek and beautiful.
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
The price and features more than met my needs.
But we had paid for bluetooth, and there was none.
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners.
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSEN'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
Was very much worth the price i paid.
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.
Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.
Very long-life battery (up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings).
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality.
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks, and I am impressed with the intuition of the design, the beauty of the product, and the excellent technological advances associated with it.
There is nothing to complain about the system.
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook: screen size is not something I'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week.
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?
The processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.
Wonderful sleek case design is only on the outside.
Great pick for portability and affordability.
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
In November my computer messed up entirely and wouldn't power on after intalling a Windows update, I had to have my HD flashed and lost EVERYTHING on it, including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things, when this update was installed for some reason I was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history.
Great OS, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.
They only stay charged a little over an hour.
/ awesome cooling system/ much better grafics card (ATI 5870) / 8GB RAM/ LED backlit screen...
But, buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM (2x2GB for $92 or 1x4GB for $99), and save yourself $100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM.
See when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it.
the features are great, the only thing it needs is better speakers.
and plenty of storage with 250 gb(though I will upgrade this and the ram..)
Took several hours with customer support before I could even start the PC out of the box.
Its a good laptop for its value.
The only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets, and rather quickly too.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
Well I spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model, which gets hot and the battery doesn't make it through 1 DVD.
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and I'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but I still expected better product quality for this price range.
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect, something with the amount of thermal paste.
As usual at customer service center, she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague (I could see them).
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and USB ports inoperative.
The best thing to do is build your own computer, but if u can't company's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $2000 systems and if you google "dell coupons" you can find codes that take a signifant  amount off the price.
We love the size of the screen, although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around.
From the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple.
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET!
Once open, the leading edge is razor sharp.
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard.
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED (THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED.
It was heavy,bulky, and hard to carry because of the size.
Keyboard is reasonable size.
The DVD drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well, which is annoying.
Only thing I would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive.
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers.
Newegg's RMA service was great as always, I contacted them late Friday night, and they issued me an RMA number and a PrePaid UPS shipping label the very next morning on Saturday.
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.
Summary: HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it.
Some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software, but there is no guarentee.
It was very easy to just pick up and use-- It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS.
This computer is exceptionally thin for it's screen size and processing power.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
Again- windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with!
It's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3.
It has many great programs, such as ILife, iPhotos and others.
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I can't play it because its not compatable with the software.
I recommend for word processing and internet users.
(Beware, their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is.
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications.
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool? The after sales support is terrible.
Yes, the computer was light weight, less expensive than the average laptop, and was pretty self explantory in use.
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior.
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty, and that products with  extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore.
The price premium is a little much, but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash.
It is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it, but I like the big screen on it.
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have.
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly.
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything, no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed.
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well.
it might be something deep within Windows, for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.
The size is perfect and I do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you.
Called tech support and got the usual Acer "We don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" I explained there was no software involved in booting.
I was originally concerned that I couldn't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting, but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs.
Every driver on the drivers/applications DVD is everything you will need for a reload.
The Apple applications (ex.iPhoto) are fun, easy, and really cool to use (unlike the competition)!
The battery holds up well, it's built very solidly, and runs fast.
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.
Great value, fast delivery- Computer works as if brand new, no problems, very pleased
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive.
Until I bought the Dell, I thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.
Now the screen is going darker, darker, darker.
Once again, I was told it was the suspicious  power supply  problem.
I respond that I do not have the old computer and this way I would lose the data on my hard drive.
All of the programs (Keynote, Pages, Numbers) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners.
Great Laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.
Compared to similarly spec'd PCs, this machine is good value, well built and works easily right out of the box.
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use.
) I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store.
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system can't be used with the iBook.
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
I gave it to my daughter because I just hated the screen, hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd's when I wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork.
I dislike the weight and size, cubersome.
I bought a Logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the MBP, but I use the touchpad 90% of the time.
also you may need to charge it once a day, if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac  the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it.
I will never go back to Windows!
Like the price and operation.
I have found also, it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access;
But see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates.
I would like at least a 4 hr. battery life.
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small.
Additional caveat: the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user's liking.
Again, the same problem, the right speaker did not work.
I never had this kind of quality issue with Dell (not to say Dell is that great), not with a brand new laptop.
Excellent speed for processing data.
It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium--delivered with only 1GB of RAM, and it was a *dog*.
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter, so it's not just an isolated incident!!!
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot.
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs.
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.
I love the size, keyboard, the functions.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
3) Horrible customer support
The Macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.
It has come into good use for my finances, scheduling, my parents business expenses, and it is definitely amazing for gaming.
But the arm velcro is torn after one use.
Im glad that it has such great features in it.
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible.
I had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a "different" computer.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.
I'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on.
If you're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game, you'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market.
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children.
Many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed.
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.
When I called Toshiba, they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $35 for the phone call, even though they didn't offer any technical support.
The internet speed is spectacular.
I saw walmart had the same computer for about $650 but still knowing what I know now,I would not buy it at that price.
, Applications respond immediately (not like the tired MS applications).
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow.
Though the picture, video, and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to (CS5) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers.
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection.
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3.
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen.
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability.
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely cannot be without.
One suggestion I do have, is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC.
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
The Macbook is also made better, my computer has never got a virus, and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day I bought it.
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet.
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure isn't reflected in the retail price.
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy.
I was originally concerned that I couldn't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting, but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs.
Another issue I have with it is the battery.
Windows 7 Starter is terrific (no you can't change the background) but I don't need to, I use it just for school work.
The only thing that can be updated is the video, other than that you're all set.
The letter A stopped working after the first week.
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the  warranty.
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!
The Windows 7 Starter is, in my opinion, a great way to think about using your netbook: basics, basics, basics.
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it.
The leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse.
They also use two totally different operating systems.
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
Finally, the biggest problem has been tech support.
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $175 to send it in to fix it.
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.
The touchpad is very intuitive, so much so that I never want to use buttons to click again!
Its also FUN to use!
No temporary replacement, they are out of replacements because "many computers had problems with the Nvidia chipset"-Inquired status of repair.
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here.
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it.
Great battery, speed, display.
Not sure how I recommend it for quality gaming, as I have a desktop rig for that reason.
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag.
Good monitor and performed well.
-When battery life went to 4 hours or less, took it to the MacHouse Amsterdam for repair (26th of August).
No luck, although I waited for hours on the phone-Visited MacHouse, they stated the their call center is down due to too many phonecalls (difficult to believe).
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display.
Am very glad I bought it, great netbook, low price.
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.
So, after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer, until it froze this morning--completely.
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard!
The OS is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly.
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria.
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too.
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
It had some kind of pre installed software update that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it.
The battery doesn't last long but I'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem.
Another thing I might add is the battery life is excellent.
I've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful, english speaking (from Vancouver) techs that walked me through the processes to help me.
The graphics were awful and the warranty isn't even worth the cheap payment on the computer.
Great pick for portability and affordability.
WIth the upgraded memory, the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once!
In November my computer messed up entirely and wouldn't power on after intalling a Windows update, I had to have my HD flashed and lost EVERYTHING on it, including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things, when this update was installed for some reason I was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history.
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine.
The screen graphics and clarity, and sharpness are great.
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
The track pad to me is what really stands out though, you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad, awesome thinking Apple!
The hard drive crashed as well, and I had to buy a new  power cord.
It's super fast and a great value for the price!
The battery life seems to be very good, and have had no issues with it.
I now realize that my $900 would have been better spent on a Windows laptop.
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price.
Thank you Best Buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were GREAT too!
Somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot.
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again.
I would rate this computer at 5 stars, but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine.
Yeah, of course smarty pants "fix it now")Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple (which I promptly did).
It gets stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work.
and looks very sexyy:D  really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price.
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare.
The feel of this is better than the Toshiba, too.
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate, and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader (software) would not load.
There are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a Windows computer.
I also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.
The applications are also very easy to find and maneuver, much easier than any other computer I have ever owned.
In the first moth of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?
i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes.
In addition, all the design tools on Pages and Keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations.
I guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer.
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems, as well.
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have won't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it.
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice;
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly.
Or the cursor would show up some place else.
I had to call HP and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all.
The display is incredibly bright, much brighter than my PowerBook and very crisp.
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off, too--a mark of poor construction quality.
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive, but I rather have a hard copy.
Acer has set me up with FREE recovery discs, when they are available since I asked.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
It's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.
The only thing I don't understand is that the resolution of the screen isn't high enough for some pages, such as Yahoo!Mail.
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely.
The only bad part is the size/weight.
Would like more trendy, high tech features.
THEN, one month after the warranty expired, the replacement charger went.
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics.
Great value, fast delivery- Computer works as if brand new, no problems, very pleased
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.
I love the solid machined aluminum frame, and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I've used.
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler, quicker, and easier.
Sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to worki
Summary: They played games with me for the warranty period.
Looks nice, but has a horribly cheap feel.
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel.
Was searching online for a power supply when I found this site.
-I propose that they can just swap the hard drives.
It's fast and has excellent battery life.
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap.
The keyboard, which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard, now looks terrible.
The display is awesome.
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing, email checking, word processing, and watching a movie or two, this is the machine you want.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC's.
But guess what?  (you have to buy an external dvd drive it doesn't have a built in type) The notebook can't be used because it doesn't read anything for an external drive.
Now,,,,,my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months.
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on.
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
I liked the aluminum body.
However, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote.
Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another, and I am not kidding you, I called different hours of the day and you'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again, since they make it sound like they don't have your history list of your calls right in front of them.
Laptops are usually used on the go, so why not give you a better battery?
The battery life, before the battery completely died of course, left much to be desired.
I'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $176 every 3  months just isn't worth it (that's about how long the port seems to  last).
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
Not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved, worked on and opened on both a PC and Mac, the versions of these programs on a Mac are graphically and functionally superior.
The unibody design is edgy and durable.
The repairs were made quickly though I must say, however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me.
I am most impressed with the programming, including the iPhoto.
The only downfall is the volume control.
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications.
Has a 5-6 hour battery life.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent...
To be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk.
I still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to!
Clear picture on it and everything.
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive.
It's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!
The casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket.
It is easy to navigate and update programs.
Strengths:Well-shaped Weaknesses:A bad videocard!
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.
Every driver on the drivers/applications DVD is everything you will need for a reload.
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures.
Screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment.
I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed.
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish, I broke down and spent another $100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac.
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
, Applications respond immediately (not like the tired MS applications).
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.
The extended warranty for the $4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu.
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before!
I use the computer to basically check emails, surf the web, print coupons and for my college papers.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life.
Peformance is good for the price.
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it takes a short time to load things, how easy it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worry about viruses.
/ awesome cooling system/ much better grafics card (ATI 5870) / 8GB RAM/ LED backlit screen...
So what am I supposed to do?  The LG service center cannot provide me the "service" when it is called the "service center".
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me (I prefer it dark) or if you can crank up the brightness.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos.
A great feature is the spotlight search: one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword, rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document.
The only thing I can imagine is that Sony jumped on early specifications for Vista requirements from Microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements.
Keyboard is great, very quiet for all the typing that I do.
I got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced, so I was now on the SECOND motherboard within 3 months.
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great :)
the touch pad is fine - again, it's a real touch pad.
The battery life is amazingly long at 7hrs and 5hrs if you use it.
But with A WAY Bigger Screen, and IS able to connect to an HDMI.
I don't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included.
Sure, the initial out of pocket expense is greater, but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet, and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs, it probably comes out about even anyhow.
The pictures are clear as can be.
The battery life was shorter than expected.
There is hardly any memory on the computer's hard drive.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
of course my warranty runs out next month.
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers.
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here.
The screen is a little glary, and I hated the clicking buttons, but I got used to them.
This is an over-sized, 18-inch laptop.
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite.
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING!!!
The speakers on it are useless too.
But sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the BIOS again and shut down and would not turn back on.
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid (I have tried both Motorola and HTC) plugged into the USB port.
Maximum sound isn't nearly as loud as it should be.
The first one sent: Touchpad didn't work The second sent: USB didn't work The third sent: Touchpad didn't work The fourth sent: Hasn't arrived yet.
The battery life also doesn't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack.
The price and features more than met my needs.
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from.
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.
The computer was shipped to their repair depot  on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned.
We use the built in tools often, iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone.
Also, the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it.
It works fine with our wireless and they've had not problems.
2nd Best computer in the world  only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches  to make less easier for people to hack into
A great computer for light home use and business use.
Good price.
It is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.
The graphics are great.
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good.
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things, they always come up with good looking products.
The display on this computer is the best I've seen in a very long time, the battery life is very long and very convienent.
I can't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it, but I like the big screen on it.
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years, I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues.
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
the mouse buttons are hard to push.
I love this program, it is superior to windows movie maker.
However, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).
no complaints with their desktop, and maybe because it just sits on your desktop, and you don't carry it around, which could jar the hard drive, or the motherboard.
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines.
Its not just slow on the internet, its slow in general.
The AC power port becomes loose over time
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
Simple to use, and great graphics.
You may need to special order a bag.
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter, thru Windows 7 Home Premium, to Windows 7 Professional was a snap;
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista, yet I know Vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista (I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops, but the ease of use, security, and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag.
If you want a little more custom ability, drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more.
The battery life is probably an hour at best.
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution.
Disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
Reason why? It's because when you buy it, you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop, the price will stay the same for the next year, and even if Apple does decides to change mode, your laptop value will only drop 10-20%, unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80%.
The apple systems are over priced luxurys that arn't worth what they are being charged for, this model's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name.
I dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers.
It's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.
The keyboard feels good and I type just fine on it.
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user, that makes it run way to slow.
pros:  the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so.
The only thing I would change about it is the mouse keys.
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.
Then the hard drive failed;
They are about the same size keys.
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter.
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
I have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.
the battery is irreplaceable.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
Charger seems large for this class of computer.
Great battery, speed, display.
Also, I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines.
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop.
But when I received my replacement, I made BOTH recovery DVDs (4), and a driver/application DVD.
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
The PhotoBooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.
I need graphic power to run my Adobe Creative apps efficiently.
A great feature is the spotlight search: one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword, rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document.
Windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs.
The screen is nice, side view angles are pretty good.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool? The after sales support is terrible.
Memory is upgradable.
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product.
It was truly a great computer costing less than one thousand bucks before tax.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
Being a PC user my whole life, it's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I'm finding my way around.
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the "human interface.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.
It is easy to use, fast and has great graphics for the money.
With awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse!
Until I bought the Dell, I thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.
Love the graphics, awesome programs (including Garageband), and really cool default background.
My Toshiba did not have sound on everything, just certain things.
THE FIRST PROBLEM IS THAT THE KEYBOARD FUNCTION IS SIMPLY UNSATISFACTORY.
The macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance.
I use this for my tutoring business, and since I'm always bouncing from student to student, it is ideal for portability and battery life (yes, it gets the 8 hours as advertised!).
The large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or TV shows on your computer instead of buying an additional TV for your dorm room.
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC.
The pricing is very competitive.
The battery doesn't last long but I'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem.
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
Toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought Toshiba will do nothing about it.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
I would tell the technician I knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features.
while the keyboard itself is alright, the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons.
Thus, when you carry it at a slanted angle, the screen will "topple" or "slide" down, if you understand what I mean.
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
It's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.
Not even safe mode boots.
Called tech support and got the usual Acer "We don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" I explained there was no software involved in booting.
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
The "abuse" is that I pushed the power plug in too hard.
A MONTH LATER, we reinstall the OS (Vista).
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.
I hope to edit this in the next few hours, I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
can't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers.
I edit and burn to DVD a lot of video, so I obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive.
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life.
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds.
The screen shows great colors.
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program.
I get a ton of compliments on its size, and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus, I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you're restricted to the width of your body for computing room.
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs.
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
I love the keyboard.
It is good to know that I can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life.
Mine came at $1,700 w/o a DVD burner (!).
Great wifi too.
There is no need to open a program first and the cliick open or import.
It was hard to handle and operate at school.
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts, and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working (this was a rock star 7 years ago).
Going to bring it to service today.
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program, and the program will simply open that file.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used, and the command prompt would not work at all.
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market, given their horrible support, but this machine just caused another plunge.
The big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc!
Love the graphics, awesome programs (including Garageband), and really cool default background.
1.You can not change your desktop background (window's 7 starter does NOT support that function).
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
They don t translate from a Mac, even on Word, resulting in a ton of run-on sentences.
We have had numerous problems with Vista, such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk.
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac, but MS Office doesn't even come with most pc laptops.
The AMD Turin processor seems to always perform so much better than Intel.
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse.
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it.
It discharges too quickly.
1.You can not change your desktop background (window's 7 starter does NOT support that function).
u can do what u want in just few seconds, even to start up your computer takes few seconds.
This is my first Dell I heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it!
The design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space (500GB instead of 320GB) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk.
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
It is so much easier to use
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.
10 plus hours of battery...
All the programs are easy and straight forward on my MacBook Pro, it is clean and organized, which I always strive to be myself.
And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, I like the extra features, I love the windows 7 home premium.
I love this program, it is superior to windows movie maker.
I got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced, so I was now on the SECOND motherboard within 3 months.
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out.
Have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed, etc.
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.
All of the programs (Keynote, Pages, Numbers) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts, and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working (this was a rock star 7 years ago).
First, you ll discover that the word processing program known as  Appleworks  rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer, if it translates at all.
That's very possible, but since they don't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine, I was stuck until Windows 7 came out.
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport.
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm, I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard (no keys sticking or lagging, strange configuration of "extra key", etc.
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.
Graphics are clean and sharp, internet interfaces are seamless.
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems, as well.
The difference is the Toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space.
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me (I prefer it dark) or if you can crank up the brightness.
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops.
At first, the computer seemed a great deal--seemingly high-end specs for a low, low price.
They sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer, they paid postage and whatnot, but when I got my computer back it still wasn't running right, and now my CD drive wasn't reading anything!
Garageband is easy to work with, like all the other apple applications I've had experience with.
But if you're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc.
This process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times.
After that the said it was under warranty.
After 2 months of complaints, Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies.
So, the hard disk capacity really doesn't matter to me.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
-I propose that I can just swap the hard drives.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
But the quality, in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop.
Peformance is good for the price.
The screen takes some getting use to, because it is smaller than the laptop.
Taking it back to Best Buy I found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken (manuf issue).
I hate the display screen and I have done everything I could do the change it.
However the frozen screens kept happening.
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual.
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade.
The battery life has not decreased since I bought it, so i'm thrilled with that.
Yes, a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there, but there is no comparison in style, speed and just cool factor.
since then i have had minor problems with slow operation.
We researched and found the best price at MacConnection.
Features like the font are very block-like and old school.
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
In due course, I'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash.
Startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook.
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.
I bought this laptop and found its TAB is not functioning.
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or don't want to bother them with bright lighting, it is very convenient to have a darker, softer lit screen.
I use iphoto all the time, which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike.
Dell's customer disservice is an insult to it's customers who pay good money for shoddy products.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
As a lifelong Windows user, I was extremely pleased to make the change to Mac.
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.
Now, as easy as it is to use, and I do think it is a great STARTER laptop.
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty.
Great laptop for school, easy to use for beginners in the household.
Yeah, of course smarty pants "fix it now")Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple (which I promptly did).
I had static in the output, and I had to reduce the sound output quality to "FM" as opposed to the default "CD.
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.
It works great for general internet use, Microsoft Office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted.
The laptop is relatively simple to use, though I bought  Macs for Dummies,  which is well worth $2
Although the price is higher then Dell laptops, the Macbooks are worth the dough.
As a user of a PC, I will will admit that the macBook Pro has a better running system in which I found myself "Getting the job done quicker.
I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty, you will probably need it!
I had always used PCs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive.
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.
And the ram (the thing that makes it faster) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before.
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners.
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
Setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.
The screen is bright and clear, the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice.
I got my MacBook Pro because I wanted to do all the stuff I need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes.
company provides UPS shipping, fast, great!
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.
Everything is so easy to use, Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software.
The port is secured to motherboard so when this  happens you can't see the plug at all, it's just gone.
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.
The laptop is very lightweight, can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight.
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time!
My first problem was with the pre-loaded Norton Firewall/Security program.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
This time the mouse pad and right click key wouldn't work!
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.
The Bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done.
Strengths:Well-shaped Weaknesses:A bad videocard!
the speed is fine.
Boots up fast and runs great!
I just took the broken cords into the Apple store and they gave me new ones.
Not easy to carry.
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB.
Microsoft word was not on it andI had to buy it seperately.
super fast processor and really nice graphics card..
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, I like the extra features, I love the windows 7 home premium.
Whenever tried to turn it on, it would restart as soon as the BIOS launched Windows (or Winblows, as I like ot call it).
the features are great, the only thing it needs is better speakers.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
It is easy to use, has great screen quality, and every so light weight.
Purchased for development purposes, but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing, e-mail, etc.
The video card is great for media, and above average for gaming, but not a gamers first choice.
they improved nothing else such as Resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.
My MacBook Pro works like a dream, it has never overheated, or even been slightly warm for that matter.
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac, but MS Office doesn't even come with most pc laptops.
they had to replace the motherboard in April
I'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features I need.
THEN, one month after the warranty expired, the replacement charger went.
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks.
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones.
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it!
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.
The flaws are, this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X.
The right speaker did not work.
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks.
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that.
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use, and would not move past this error.
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still didn't work.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites.
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty.
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.
Called Acer many times, they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer!
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support.
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer.
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet.
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista.
The built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus.
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.
The battery has never worked well.
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up.
I wasn't a big fan of the Netbooks but this one was very well designed.
I continued to take the computer in AGAIN and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again.
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door.
However, my girlfriend realized that the netbook's hinge is a bit loose (when you open or close the LCD).
Also, if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft, there is a charge, which I believe is robbery, since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system, which most people would have went with XP if they could.
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
We carry the netbook around here and there, hence it's kinda of irritating when the LCD just "slide" downwards.
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics.
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing.
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and "fixed" the edges by rounding them off.
The wheel that turns the volume up and down doesn't work in real time.
We have had numerous problems with Vista, such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.
I love the solid machined aluminum frame, and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I've used.
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed (except for speaker grill) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
The touchpad is extremely sensitive, which is the only drawback.
The port is secured to motherboard so when this  happens you can't see the plug at all, it's just gone.
It didn't come with any software installed outside of windows media, but for the price, I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product.
I use iphoto all the time, which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike.
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it!
the manufacturer's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts.
oh yeah, and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed?
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.
So, I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up.
Loaded with bloatware.
Good for every day computing and web browsing.
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
The screen graphics and clarity, and sharpness are great.
Amazing Quality!
After a couple of years, my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery.
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys.
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing.
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints.
I work in film editing and post production, so I need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.
little short on RAM but you get what you pay for.
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person, I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly.
Great product, very easy to use and great graphics.
My last computer, a Toshiba, cost only $400, and worked like a charm for many years.
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one.
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista.
It didn't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better.
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design.
It is not ideal for children because of the temp.
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time.
Design: very durable.
Also the speakers are not very loud, But it is a netbook.
I guess he was the technical person.
Easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops.
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side, In the way of operating a mouse in small area.
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag.
First things first, Macbook pro has many applications to make life easier, unlike the windows computers.
The games included are very good games.
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and USB ports inoperative.
The dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.
(The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive.)
The computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my PC did, and I have all of the programs that were on my PC.
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use, very important for use quick typers.
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price, but you cannot find the look, easy, applications, and the experience in mac.
After numerous attempts of trying (including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly), I gave up(I am a techie).
I have other computers that get strong signals that don't drop in places that this "net"book loses its signal.
The only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2.0 hrs when not plugged in.
I dislike the weight and size, cubersome.
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003.
The ATI graphics card is a huge plus, definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a Intel built-in card would have trouble with, such as Half-Life 2 or even World of Warcraft.
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and USB ports inoperative.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.
I thought the price was great for the specs.
It didn't come with any software installed outside of windows media, but for the price, I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product.
Quality Display  I love HP,, it's the only computer/printer we will buy.
It's wonderful for computer gaming.
The Bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done.
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate, and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader (software) would not load.
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself.
This is a great little computer for the price.
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid (I have tried both Motorola and HTC) plugged into the USB port.
First, it does not have a push button to open the lid.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle.
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box.
The only bad part is the size/weight.
They say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive (I don't really understand why but anyway).
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.
Before, I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer's site.
In desparation, I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired (2 days old) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ("have your credit card ready").
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother.
*=Webcam is a bit laggy, not the greatest.
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;
In addition, there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture.
It is known as Safari, and if you are doing any website work, you should know that many hosting companies do not support it.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
For the Bluetooth to work properly, you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD, or it will not show after the reload.
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers.
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing speeds.
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG. THE PRODUCT KEY.
With today's company fighting over marketshare, its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
The 17 inch screen is very large, but the computer is very light.
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor.
(If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it shouldn't, check the "Activity Monitor" app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
But with A WAY Bigger Screen, and IS able to connect to an HDMI.
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm, I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard (no keys sticking or lagging, strange configuration of "extra key", etc.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
I thought learning the Mac OS would be hard, but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a PC.
I picked it out because it was inexpensive ($400) and I thought it would be a good, easy to use first laptop.
And the ram (the thing that makes it faster) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before.
Startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life, as well as the many background programs that run without the user's knowlede.
Overall the computer is very easy to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves.
It's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.
Moral of the story:-Do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers.
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.
The newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick, but it is still a great notebook!
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.
It is also very lightweight, making transporting this computer very easy.
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you don't matter.
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
I was taught to use Photoshop and was amazed.
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone.
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price, but you cannot find the look, easy, applications, and the experience in mac.
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer, so I had to remove it.
It has plenty of memory, lots of hard drive, and great graphics.
It has a faster processor and more ram.
This time the mouse pad and right click key wouldn't work!
The first one sent: Touchpad didn't work The second sent: USB didn't work The third sent: Touchpad didn't work The fourth sent: Hasn't arrived yet.
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.
Sound card is limited though.
HP said it was out of warranty.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
Info: Windows failed to load because the kernal is missing, or corrupt.
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I don't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.
this is my second one and the same problem, bad video card  unreliable overall, this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy.
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent.
BEST BUY - 5 STARS + + + (sales, service, respect for old men who aren't familiar with the technology) DELL COMPUTERS - 3 stars DELL SUPPORT - owes a me a couple
What I'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory.
It's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with.
Even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger.
I took it back for an Asus and same thing- blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset.
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east.
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys.
I play a lot of casual games online, and the touchpad is very responsive.
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place,,,it's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words, sentences, paragraphs because of this mousepad.
Yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.
The computer was two weeks late in delivery because HP forgot to complete the required import paperwork.
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds.
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos.
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard.
I could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left.
It is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame.
For the Bluetooth to work properly, you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD, or it will not show after the reload.
I was a little weary at purchasing another 13" macbook almost 2 years later but t looks like the newer macbooks have gotten its current line of graphics cards in order this time around.
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite.
Everything is so easy to use, Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software.
Overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly.
When we bought our new HP comouter in Dec. of 2008, we wanted Windows XP, but were told it would cost an extra $159, so we went with Vista.
But after using it a couple of weeks, the overall operation is poor.
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed.
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off, too--a mark of poor construction quality.
The size is perfect and I do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you.
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I don't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows.
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have won't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it.
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine;
I've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense.
and plenty of storage with 250 gb(though I will upgrade this and the ram..)
Anyway, in early July of this year, the DVD burner stopped working, and the computer stared having issues with power supply.
Even so, I like playing online games, so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows.
For the Bluetooth to work properly, you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD, or it will not show after the reload.
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;
And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).
I'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages.
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing.
Even doing so, the hinge may just be slightly tightened only.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
Overall, I experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old PC.
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more.
also you may need to charge it once a day, if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac  the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it.
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines.
Plain and simple, it(laptop) runs great and loads fast.
The PhotoBooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.
Three, the mac book has advantages over pcs' with linux based os there is very 'few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac.
The dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
I took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and I finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty.
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum.
Quality Display  I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.
Setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.
A SECOND PROBLEM INVOLVES THE BATTERY WHICH IS ADVERTISED AS HAVING A STORAGE LIFE OF 11 HOURS BUT WHEN FULLY CHARGED SHOWS ONLY 7 HOURS OF SERVICE.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
It is much faster than my desktop which is a Core2 Quad running at 2.83 GHz.
In fact, somehow (and I never opened it up) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently, behind the front of the screen, in the way of the display.
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty, so I sent it in to be replaced and (almost 2 months later) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement.
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person, I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly.
WHEN TYPING, LETTERS AND SPACES ARE FREQUENTLY OMITTED REQUIRING THE USER TO REDO MANY WORDS AND SENTENCES.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
I would like to use a different operating system altogether.
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty, able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.
As with any laptop not purchased with software options, it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications.
The difference is it's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now, still learning the Apple navigation, but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps.
It works great for general internet use, Microsoft Office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.
But, buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM (2x2GB for $92 or 1x4GB for $99), and save yourself $100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM.
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.
Ever since I bought this laptop, so far I've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.
I previously purchased a 13" macbook (had pro specs and was aluminum style) which had a nvidia 9800 (If I am not mistaken) and it had major heating issues.
There are no gold key numbers too intall programs, you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time.
Simple to use, and great graphics.
Pay attention to the specs if you want these options.
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month.
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years, I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues.
I work in film editing and post production, so I need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.
It did not have all the features I expected it to have.
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer.
It's perfect for everything and runs faster than an average pc!
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations.
the i3 processor doesn't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on.
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit.
Not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved, worked on and opened on both a PC and Mac, the versions of these programs on a Mac are graphically and functionally superior.
Now for the hardware problems.
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
In early May I got it back and this time I only had it back for 1 day before it had a NEW issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they "expedited" the repairs so I was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed, by a "Senior Tech".
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.
The driver updates don't fix the issue, very frustrating.
Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.
Was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued, apparently because of known motherboard problems.
Compared to similarly spec'd PCs, this machine is good value, well built and works easily right out of the box.
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month.
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you :)
The delivery was fast, and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again.
This computer I used daily nice compact design.
It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium--delivered with only 1GB of RAM, and it was a *dog*.
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7.
also the battery is completely shot.
Mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free.
My one complaint with this laptop is that I've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in.
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back, but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened, and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair (the price of a new one).
Right size and weight for portability.
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
Before, I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer's site.
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive.
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly!
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions!
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so, the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you can't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying.
BUT there's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows.
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place,,,it's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words, sentences, paragraphs because of this mousepad.
Price and purpose is awesome!
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
-4 RAM slots, 2 HDD Bays*, 16GB RAM support -No Wireless Issues, at least for me.
Yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons.
However, my girlfriend realized that the netbook's hinge is a bit loose (when you open or close the LCD).
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free, even without the warranty.
Images are crisp and clean.
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.
Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.
The graphics were awful and the warranty isn't even worth the cheap payment on the computer.
Also, I issued a replacement RMA for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen, which is noticable to me.
The first one sent: Touchpad didn't work The second sent: USB didn't work The third sent: Touchpad didn't work The fourth sent: Hasn't arrived yet.
The minute you fire it up it's all good, very easy user interface.
Other than that, I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all.
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter, so it's not just an isolated incident!!!
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC  Specs: Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I've had in the past.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
I'm still within the one year warranty but the repair "depot"  has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not  covered.
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours.
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed.
It is well worth the money it cost, Very good investment.
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
The screen is huge and coloful, but no LED backlighting.
The magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great (I even put it to the test by accident)- excellent innovation!
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
I've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista, yet I know Vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista (I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).
It's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum, easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics.
My problem was with DELL Customer Service.
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty, able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from PC;
Very fast boot up and shut down.
And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).
It is short on space, and downloads always had problems being completed, or were said to be 'corrupted'.
So what am I supposed to do?  The LG service center cannot provide me the "service" when it is called the "service center".
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable.
I'v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand.
How Toshiba handles the repair seems to vary, some folks  indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix, others had the  repair done 5 times.
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED (THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED.
If upgrade is possible to the full Windows 7, then I will truly be a very happy geek.
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.
I gave it to my daughter because I just hated the screen, hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd's when I wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork.
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).
It is short on space, and downloads always had problems being completed, or were said to be 'corrupted'.
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate, and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader (software) would not load.
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it.
It is a REAL touchpad, not the toy I saw in other brands.
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
They say it could be the motherboard again, but Dell
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
I chose the iBookG4, a laptop that is an attractive computer with a large screen big enough to please anyone.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side.
Speakers doesn't sound that great.
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.
All of the programs (Keynote, Pages, Numbers) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.
In all honesty, if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop, then do not buy this computer.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
WIth the upgraded memory, the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once!
In the shop, these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it, get it home, break the seal and use it (very clever con).
Vista is a nightmare.
There is hardly any memory on the computer's hard drive.
The company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized.
I could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat.
When you look at the specs on Apple products in comparison to a Dell or a HP, yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost.
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.
True quality at a great price!
It's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with.
The programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly!
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle.
It bluescreened on me without any warning, running simply basic Chrome.
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.
Besides the great look, it is a great machine.
It was not clear that the Microsoft Student Edition that was loaded on the computer, was a six month trial.
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit.
I love the glass touchpad.
Other installed features, such as certain printer software, are also most attractive.
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.
I love the multi-touch trackpad.
Programs would crash all the time, and it turned out to be a very unstable, unreliable laptop for me.
If you don't feel comfortable doing it yourself, just buy the case and be happy, plus it looks nice, I bought the white one from Best Buy.
Looks nice, but has a horribly cheap feel.
The display is beyond horrible.
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate.
Yes, a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there, but there is no comparison in style, speed and just cool factor.
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home.
Its Office compatible, but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs.
The only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time.
Web access through the 3G network is so slow, it's very frustrating and VERY DISAPPOINTING.
I had upgraded my old MacBook to Lion, so I kind of knew what I was getting, but hadn't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features.
Its fast, has High definition quality in the videos.
