Spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable.
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late, raucus dinner.
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love Artisanal!
My goodness, everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing.
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it, this place has no character.
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach, the Shanghai low mein, and other attractions.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
The prices are wonderfully low.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods, indian included, i made friends with this place long ago.
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar.
When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?
Great sushi experience.
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
I didn't expect to like Nosh as much as I did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly, the soups are like Mom's, and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel's a run for its money.
His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
The food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second!
Other apetizers and food
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!
Friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
Great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).
I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.
A glass of Leaping Lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
Pizza was a little soggy.
There was no ambiance.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
More important, the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo.
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
Delivery is fast too.
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.
We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
This place is a great stop for great food.
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
Anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
Meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.
Waitstaff are very friendly.
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
We had the most wonderful waitress.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.
The place is sleek, modern and playfull and i will return again frequently.
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as I love La Pizza Fresca).
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!
big and soft as well as good lunch food.
Great food, great prices, great service.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
Once for dinner and once for brunch.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
The dim sum however was very good.
They have some great entrees here as well.
my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
After a seafood craving, i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info.
The service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli, Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
Great staff.
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.
Spice is great Thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.
Horrible food and Horrible service.
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas.
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
Ummm...the beer was cold.
And the food was fantastic.
Overall, not worth the money.
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
The Dim Sum was so-so, but not spectacular.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $3.25 too.
Not too crazy about their sake martini.
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
The crispy chicken wasn't for us, though.
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
The soup is pretty good too.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.
I've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I'm craving for Pho, Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice, this is the place to go.
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
I grew up on these bagels.
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.
Instead of wasting your time here: SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD.
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
I didn't expect to like Nosh as much as I did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly, the soups are like Mom's, and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel's a run for its money.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
The wine list is excellent.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.
The food is nothing like its menu description.
Reasonable prices.
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
So, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
I almost wanted to write a bad review, so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself!
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
Service- friendly and attentive.
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished.
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST!
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!
Not a small feat for good french food in the area.
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in NYC.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.
Great service, great food.
Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
The food's as good as ever.
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.
The food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.
Great food at reasonable prices.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.
Because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city!
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
As I made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.
Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had (I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).
The food options rule.
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews.
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating, not overbearing.
The main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff.
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza.
I think the stuff was better than Disney.
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
The waitstaff are all very busy, it's not outstanding service, but I've never been dealt with rudely.
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
still stay away, the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer...
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
Great food, great decor, great service.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry.
The restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.
This is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
No you're going to go back because the food was good.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.
Great food, great decor, great service.
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
There was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice.
The burger was great, also.
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
But they don't have a toaster, which is strange.
The lox is always fresh too.
The noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar' or 'pub'.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
What is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
As for the bar, this is another bad idea.
Unfortunately, the food was NOT something to get worked up about.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
The ceiling is amazing!
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.
If you go for the pre-theatre menu, it's an even greater deal.
For many people, this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here: simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.
Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.
Save your money and don't waste your calories, go to Margharita's on Washington Street instead, they have amazing food and the BEST service.
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
The well mannered, pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
The food however, is what one might expect.
Once for dinner and once for brunch.
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
The food at this place is 'gourmet' Indian cuisine.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
I can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal.
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice.
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!
After dinner, take your date to the HUGE dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in NY.
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
While the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch!
Staff is very accomodating.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
The crackling calamari salad, which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants, is crispy and lightly dressed.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
love the food.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC.
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.
A cheap eat for NYC, but not for dosa.
Great service, great food.
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
Great wine list, reasonably priced.--Sara
The service was great as well.
It is also extremely well priced.
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like Balthazar etc.
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square.
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive, nothing flashy.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
But, nothing stands out about the cooking.
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food.
We all ate pasta entre'es, which were great.
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish.
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!
The food is good, I can't lie.
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
Anyways, if you're in the neighborhood to eat good food, I wouldn't waste my time trying to find something, rather go across the street to Tamari.
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
If you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
The ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe's.
Acceptable prices.
My husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.
Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.
The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
The food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.
And forget what you read under me, the atmosphere isn't that bad either.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
A cheap eat for NYC, but not for dosa.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
Oh, and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy!
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken, then this is NOT your place.
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
Even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build.
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.
His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.
The service is ok but could be better.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal.
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.
For all of you new to Indian food, try the Paneer Roll, it is a piece of heaven.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
The meat dishes were only so-so.
Decor leaves something to be desired.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.
I went to Del Frisco's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
Decent wine at reasonable prices.
The service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
The pizza here is delicious.
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not (like the steak dish which tends to be dry).
Located at the end of a magnificent block.
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.
If presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.
Plus, on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited!
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants, this offers by far one of the best values for your money.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
We've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.
Their coffee is quite good too!
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world!
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
Oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
For two people with tip was less than $25 bucks.
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.
I recieved prompt service with a smile.
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.
Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
I wasn't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special, but Tuesday Night.
The pickles were great addition.
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
It's not mind-blowing, but to me, thai food never is and never will be.
So if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at Montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.
Not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
Warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).
Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
Try the lasagnette appetizer.
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
Great value for the quality ingredients.
Fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.
Went there for an office lunch.
Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
Will have to return to try the chocolate!
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
From beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.
I recommend their Pad See Ew, Pork Chops or Tofu plates.
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate.
Great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Some baby pizzas get their wish.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
Service is great, takeout is good too.
Always great service!
When going out for a nice dinner, I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.
Have the iced tea.
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).
We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
The best Chicken pad tai, I've ever had.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food!
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
It won't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.
The menu has lots of options: I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
It's simply the best meal in NYC.
Service was decent, but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
Outstanding Bagels, but you get what you pay for.
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
When he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
Over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.
If you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
less wait time for me!
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
The sauces used are also not that exciting.
Three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
Even upon delivery, their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the West Village.
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
In reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch.
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx.
It's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.
Good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
I've waited over one hour for food.
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in NYC.
The food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine.
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish.
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion, but not for regular fine dining.
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice.
They don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.
Drinks way over priced.
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it.
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
The food was exceptional.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.
from an English speaking staff.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here.
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
This place, however, has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average.
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
Try the cheesecake!
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways.
I didn't expect to like Nosh as much as I did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly, the soups are like Mom's, and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel's a run for its money.
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
Plain and simple it's bad thai food.
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.
Not worth the prices.
The wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.
It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.
The staff is courteous and friendly.
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city.
No refills on fountain drinks, though.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable.
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $12 dollars and the mushrooms where $12 for about 1oz.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
I've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent.
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
Three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
I like Mamoun's food as well, but side by side, Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down.
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky.
Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).
Light, refreshing summer rolls (not fried) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris.
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
if this happens, just ask for real naan.
The service was ok.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down.
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order, but once the food is ordered, you are in for a treat.
The food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
Overall, the best bagel in town.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $35 menu.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
If your visiting, you'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it's in Time Sq...
Their Margarita is best I've had since I've returned from Naples!
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, I can't wait!
The restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese.
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
Good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).
even the wine by the glass was good.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $19.95!
at taj, vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven.
Service has always been friendly and efficient.
Service was very friendly.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
The ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe's.
Ballato's is consistently delicious authentic italian food.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
I'm no food critic, but I'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years.
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
While most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.
The food was spicy and delicious.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
Always popular, always full, always a wait.
Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.
Very affordable and excellent ambient!
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
Worse of all, $60 was erroneously added to our $80 bill.
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.
No free drink.
All I can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
When we notified him that he didn't mention the specials, he didn't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.
The service was typical short-order, dinner type.
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $12 dollars and the mushrooms where $12 for about 1oz.
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don't have to deal with crowds or lines.
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.
Has the chef and owner changed???
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC.
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever.
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine.
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it.
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
Save your money and don't waste your calories, go to Margharita's on Washington Street instead, they have amazing food and the BEST service.
Made my dining experience uncomfortable.
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.
They sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in Chinese.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment.
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
The food was really good, I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
The food was really good, I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
The wine list is extensive and impressive.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
The bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.
Pizza here is consistently good.
Food was average but tasty.
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.
Based on the reviews for dinner, this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that, but definitely not for Dim Sum again.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
The highly spiced chai tea was great too.
Service was quick.
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
I've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited.
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.
Good crowd, good outdoor seating, with a hip japanese vibe.
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
They don't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
The food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine.
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
The pizza was great.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
If you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.
All the food was hot tasty.
Even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in New York pizza restaurants).
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
Spice is great Thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed, reminds me of my grandfather, its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire.
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
While this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi, and delicious!
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.
Good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (Seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
There was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice.
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better.
Jimmy's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.
Admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.
But the coconut rice was good.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt.
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
Still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.
The ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe's.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
After we got our sashimi order, I could not believe how small the portions were!
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
Great vibe, lots of people.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon.
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant.
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
Waitstaff is great, very attentive.
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls.
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
The service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli, Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.
The best burger I have had in the Village.
Other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.
Ambiance and music funky, which I enjoy.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love Artisanal!
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
I've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I've been going.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
Service is great, takeout is good too.
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened.
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
And Kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across.
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.
I look forward to eating here again
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray's, Sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the Outstanding Pizza!
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
The food was great.
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
Great wine list, reasonably priced.--Sara
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
Service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City.
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike, a great name for a joint if ever I saw one.
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get.
Please try the Filet Mignon, its just the most tender piece ever.
I work near-by, and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item.
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
Don't go alone---even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
Most importantly, food is excellent.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
I have never had cheescake like this.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
Great wine, great food.
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
A wonderful place!
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
I need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
The fries are yummy.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
We left after one drink.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.
The wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.
Service was decent, but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
Don't expect to sit down inside though, there are only a few tables and they are always full.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal.
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
The wine the service was very good too.
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
In addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
Orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food, and French service as well.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz's Deli down on the Lower East Side.
The pizza was really good.
We could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
The owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce.
Even better, they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it.
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.
The service was attentive.
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
Food is usually very good, though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they'd treat us well for the occasion.
But for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
It's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.
If you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.
The service was superb, they treat you like family.
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
And the prices were way to high for what you get.
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly I might add).
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
Growing up in NY, I have eaten my share of bagels.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit.
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.
Indoor was very cozy and cute.
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.
Upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, Steven and Frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.
Odd for Ave B, not just odd, The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least.
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
now if they could only get a toaster.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
But the pizza is way to expensive.
The food there are sastifying.
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
The service is descent even when this small place is packed.
So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I've ever been to.
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagles are unbeliavably good.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling.
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
The red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant.
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
My husband and I enjoy Sangria.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
We got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?
Sake collection was excellent (Try Nanbu Bijin), but pricy.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
i recommend the thai popcorn :)
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS.
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
So if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at Montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off, like in this case.
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!
Food is great and inexpensive.
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
The palak paneer was standard, and I was not a fan of the malai kofta.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.
The service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
I recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster, a cold lobster salad that was magnificent.
I was with a party of 7 (close but not next the the front doors) and we were eating with our coats on.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
Great food, great prices, great service.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
His drinks are very inventive, delicious and classy.
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
Good food.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
Really though, where's the seasoning?
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
I found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.
It's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic, even.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like Balthazar etc.
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
If you love seafood, you would love this place!
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.
We were seated promptly as we had reservations, however after that the service was slow.
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (Anywhere).
Appetizers are somewhere around $7 each and the main dishes are between $11 and $16.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street.
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
I've dined at Alain Ducasse's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience.
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- I dont mind.
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon, which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
Try the mediterranean salad, it is a true experience for your taste buds!!
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
The food is terrible and overall, I would have to say avoid at all costs.
However, I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud.
Behind this counter, two men are squeezed in.
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.
However, their popularity has yet to slow down, and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
The filet mignon dish was superb!
Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
Why make a reservation if you aren't going to keep it?
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar.
Tasty steak, pork loin, the works.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence!
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY.
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it, this place has no character.
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
The food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second!
If you go to Roth's try to be served by Mike, he is GREAT!!
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, I expected it to have some type of flavor.
Le Pere Pinard has a $15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
Great food at reasonable prices.
Joe's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up.
I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe.
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.
What an amazing meal and experience!
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I couldn't believe the food.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
The food now is inconsistent.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza.
The pizza is good though.
go here for the drinks!
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident, but for the rest of us who've actually eaten ethnic food, this is simply dull.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
I've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.
In addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
We did have to wait at the bar for approx.
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
Threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.
The waiter was attentive.
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly, I have never experienced more incompetency.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
Get the tuna of gari.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
The food is definitely good, but I left a bit disappointed.
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better.!!
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
First, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which I would have chosen had I known about them.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
Similar to other Indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
The food was so-so.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
Yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.
Best Taiwanese food in NY!
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.
My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner.
Southern Indian cuisine is still there, too.
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
Drinks way over priced.
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess, it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well.
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.
The bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
Fast service.
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
So much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
The bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
Over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
To begin, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave, when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready.
The Thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.
Get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I've tried similar dishes at.
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
Delivery service is great too.
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere.
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
Three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here!
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.
Okay service.
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.
Fish is so very fresh.
The sake menu should not be overlooked!
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
I go back in line like three times on average until I can't walk anymore.
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table, but standing up wasn't too bad.
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish.
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had (I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
Check out the secret back room.
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.
Disappointing food, lousy service.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.
The wine list is also really nice.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.
A++   The service was good to excellent along with the attitude.
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere.
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
After the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES!
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before, and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had (except for my mom's of course).
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC.
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
The bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.
The other night we had the $30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of.
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
What generous portions!
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.
Over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
Decent wine selection too.
I've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait.
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.
If you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
The wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special, we limited ourselves to several appetizers.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
An excellent service
They are tasty, but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
This place is always very crowded and popular.
The wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
They charge $6.00 for rice.
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses!
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
The food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
Much more reasonably priced too!
Its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.
The buffet had a nice selection.
Apparently, the good cook works then.
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
Oh yes, and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars, there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls, some of which, I would love to know where they obtained.
Good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.
The first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, Kai is your place.
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry, I understood they were busy.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
He takes real pride in his food and his business.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
After dinner, take your date to the HUGE dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in NY.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
Moderate prices.
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.
Anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
The Italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the UES), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner...
Be careful of portions - they're HUGE.
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city.
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
The food is mostly made from scratch, fresh and well prepared.
Great wine, great food.
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.
Despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful!
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
The service is fantastic.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
Of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?
Good luck getting a table.
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night.
While this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
I've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).
The staff are attentive, and have smiles on their faces.
Upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, Steven and Frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.
We've been following chef Lyle's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid.
Next time, we wouldn't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks.
I had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.
The best pad thai i've ever had.
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if I call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so I wouldn't have to look for parking).
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC.
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.
Great food, great decor, great service.
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don't have to deal with crowds or lines.
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
The restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese.
It appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.
The food was great and the service was even better.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!
The food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.
A++   The service was good to excellent along with the attitude.
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
The beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
Great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
Don't waste money on decor.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
The food is delicious.
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
From beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
Good bagels and good cream cheese.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
Late nite omelletes are not good here, there is no variety!
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
Despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.
From beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant.
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
I've dined at Alain Ducasse's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience.
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level.
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food (all fast foods in my opinion).
Its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.
Plus they made a perfect martini.
They used shredded cheese on top!
And really large portions.
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
Seriously, this is the best all you can eat in town- As everyone says, the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these, and you've broken even.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.
It's also attached to Angel's Share, which is a cool, more romantic bar...
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.
Normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
I've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I'm craving for Pho, Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice, this is the place to go.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
Other apetizers and food
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.
Food is average, and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi's tastes better.
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.
Sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate.
When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
Went for a late weekday lunch.
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager (a bubbly, friendly young woman with a great smile) truly cared about how we were doing.
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
The beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.
The Thai food is good.
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
The bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
The atmosphere is great!!!
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they dont forget to charge you for it.
The food was actually aweful.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
A glass of Leaping Lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky.
We couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.
The only positive was the wait staff, which was prompt, knowledgable, and likeable.
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I've found little toninos.
We asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
Don't go alone---even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.
Not enough wines by the glass either.
We couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
Also good for client lunch meetings, esp.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
In fact, two people could really share one plate.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT, MODERN, YET COZY.
Their eggplant is so delicate, sweet tender!
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
A must for all the Dosa lovers.
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate.
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.
Decent wine at reasonable prices.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and didn't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
Our server was very helpful and friendly.
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.
The bagels are fabulous.
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
skip dessert.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
Service was also very good.
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.
You can also special order any kind of dumpling,etc.
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
It's just O.K. pizza.
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
Ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention.
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
They don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.
I had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
Note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, I can't wait!
Our food was great too!
The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st, taj mahal is also very comparable, in food quality, to the much overpraised (and underdeserving) baluchi's.
The food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (WOW) you'll need no more.
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.
The sushi was awful!
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
Really cool stauff inside.
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
However, they've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot.
great wine list (italian), good food, service was INITIALLY fine.
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date.
The service is descent even when this small place is packed.
They've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
but the service was a bit slow.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
The food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (WOW) you'll need no more.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you.
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy.
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
From the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.
Stick to the gulab jamun.
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
So much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.
This food is asian-air fusion.
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats.
Definite go if you're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad.
Everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
The most annoying thing, though, is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work.
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.
Nice restaurant overall, with classic upscale Italian decor.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must.
Food and service was okay.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT's.
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
This place, however, has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average.
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
May, the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you.
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.
The pizza was pretty good and huge.
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
The sides were ok and incredibly salty.
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied.
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
We ate here in March, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.
Prices are very good.
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.
Service is average.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
We've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we've been lucky?
The noodle and rices dishes taste great.
Compared to Ess-a, Tal offers a less doughy bagel!
The service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and I would not recommend bringing a date here either.
Kind, attentive wait staff.
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
I love the atmorphere @ peep!
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
The 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.
The specials are usually quite good too.
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner.
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
Saturday, Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
Ambiance and music funky, which I enjoy.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.
When you want a piece of beef, head on over.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
The entire dining experience was wonderful!
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.
Killer Sushi!
Overall I was impressed and will return, it's a great QPR (Quality to Price Ratio).
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full.
It was nice and fresh, but I can't give it high scores on being authentic thai.
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great!
Try the hot dogs too, they're snappy and delicious.
The food was just awful, ATROCIOUS actually.
They sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.
Every course was better than the next.
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).
If you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to Del Frisco's!
i would just ask for no oil next time.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious!
Unique apppetizers.
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
There's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I've had.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
This place is worth going even if only for their beer.
The food was absolutely horrible!
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
The wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
The steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.
Lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.
Just straight up cheap, good food.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
Very good service and very good prices.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
The food was boring and expensive.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella, but every pie is ultra fresh.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
The bagel was huge.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
I also ordered the Change Mojito, which was out of this world.
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice.
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
Still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
First, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which I would have chosen had I known about them.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
The staff offers impeccable service.
My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
The main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
The space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
But they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.
I've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait.
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce, which was wonderful.
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
The food was absolutely amazing!!
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good.
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.
For the location, the prices are very reasonable.
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar' or 'pub'.
Service was prompt and courteous.
They charge different prices all the time.
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
I had the best ravioli ever.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
What I didn't like was how the food came right after it was ordered.
Orsay, is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
Admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.
The staff is no nonsense.
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection.
The food was great and the service was even better.
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
Then, get ripped on free box wine.
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
The first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
They've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh.
We were a group of 8 and well seved.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
Of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on, he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record.
Warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC.
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we've ever had.
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.
We had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category.
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
The bruschetta and panini's are so yummy!
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli, I knew there was going to be good pizza!
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
They didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.
The 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
The ambience is very calm and quiet.
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
Authentic Pakistani food.
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
For all of you new to Indian food, try the Paneer Roll, it is a piece of heaven.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
For years, I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best, but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
Also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit, but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues.
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
Did I mention the wine?
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
From beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
It's all about the food !!
Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
Service was very good and warm.
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, Kai is your place.
This is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.
The place was quiet and delightful.
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine.
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza.
There are other people waiting!
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious, fresh, and elegant.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there.
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
great eats, good times.
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
Grilled whole fish wonderful, great spicing.
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy!
It's easy to get a table for a large group and you don't get hustled out.
The food was bland oily.
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
Fish was overdone.
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
Because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
You should pass on the calamari.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
I care more about the food and ambience.
The owner truly caters to all your needs.
And Kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across.
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar.
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
Service is top notch.
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
The food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they hadn't heard about this place.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy's!
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.
We parked on the block of Nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.
great wine list (italian), good food, service was INITIALLY fine.
Has the chef and owner changed???
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
They've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.
Sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.
Again, the waitress was awesome.
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
The wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
great food, lt's of it, more then one person can eat!
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats ,except at Taj Mahal.
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash.
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
Also, the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected, but a truly above and beyond thing to do...
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.
The food is great, service is ok.
The price very reasonable.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
Great selection of wine, and seafood.
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal.
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
It costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
I couldn't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher.
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings, the whole slice is topped with them, not sparsely sprinkled on like some places.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.
To celebrate a birthday, three of us went to Mare anticipating great food.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
However, I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.
The $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)
For some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon.
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.
Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.
Service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.
I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.
I had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
For some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.
black white shakes came out good also.
Yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic.
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
The waitstaff were attentive, polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters.
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
Definitely not worth the price!
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
To begin, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave, when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
I must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
So I've never actually been to M proper, but I've had it delivered a few times.
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one.
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
The tastes makes your mouth water for more.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
I am happy i did the food was awsome.
I asked for seltzer with lime, no ice.
All conveniently delivered right to the door.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
I had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
The fried rice is amazing here.
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
From the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.
The space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.
While I quite liked the food and the ambience, I'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
The wine the service was very good too.
Everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
Wow over 100 beers to choose from.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City.
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.
Food and service was okay.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
It's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
The wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
Having discovered Ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
If you'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent, Long Tan is a good place on the slope.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal.
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
Horrible food and Horrible service.
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city.
The first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share, Kai may not be the best option.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
Decor is charming.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
We've been following chef Lyle's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
So, a little inconsistency there but either way, both pizzas were really good.
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
Over price, and small portions .
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.
I liked the beer selection!
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
However, looking at the table next to ours, we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza, which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT.
Always a nice crowd, but never loud.
Their sake martini is wonderful.
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I'm used to.
Quick and friendly service.
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
Here's to the fake fish tanks too...
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
I don't like Indian food too much and this was delicious, however you want to factor that into the equation.
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.
It's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner.
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
Try the tandoori salmon!
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
The food is amazing!!!!
The location is perfect.
I would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not THAT great.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
If you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
I had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.
The wine list is interesting and has many good values.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagles are unbeliavably good.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
For great chinese food nearby, you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away.
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
What is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.
Also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, Kai is your place.
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
The food was good too.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
One of us actually liked the expresso - that's it.
Tasty steak, pork loin, the works.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
Just stick with the small dishes!
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
Disappointing food, lousy service.
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
I have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.
The menu may be small, but everything on it is delicious.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
NO more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
Great selection of wine, and seafood.
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish.
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
When going out for a nice dinner, I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
Delicious crab cakes too.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
Anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.
For the location, the prices are very reasonable.
The counter service is bad.
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
I've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
Saul is pretty good, but definitely not great.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
The place is a little tight and on a cold day, the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well.
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
The bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.
Good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing.
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS.
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines,please check their wine list.
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
The food was authentic.
The food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (WOW) you'll need no more.
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
The food was very well prepared.
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
Overall, I'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its Chinatown.
Based on the reviews for dinner, this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that, but definitely not for Dim Sum again.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
They are the best bagels I've had.
While most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
I recommend their Pad See Ew, Pork Chops or Tofu plates.
But, they were too big for the bun.
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal.
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
The fried dumplings are GREAT!
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
service was efficient courteous.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly!
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch.
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
The setting is casual and romantic.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.
If you love seafood, you would love this place!
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
Friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
From the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.
At 5 dumplings for $1, you just cannot go wrong.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
You have to increase the service a lot.
Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine.
This place is not worth the prices.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.
Good drink.
I'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.
We've been following chef Lyle's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
Don't eat here unless you're starving for thai food and you work next door.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
The decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
The place was nice and calm.
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
There are much better places in NY with better prices.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
The steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.
Order the panang duck, it's fantastic.
Good bagels and good cream cheese.
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.
I have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
Not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection.
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
The food is nothing like its menu description.
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
Why do people rave about the ambience.
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
The place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food, the line reached the door.
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
Try sushimi cucumber roll.
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
