Spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late, raucus dinner.
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon.
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love Artisanal!
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
My goodness, everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing.
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
Pizza was a little soggy.
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it, this place has no character.
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
There was no ambiance.
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach, the Shanghai low mein, and other attractions.
Other apetizers and food
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.
The prices are wonderfully low.
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods, indian included, i made friends with this place long ago.
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
Great sushi experience.
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.
The service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli, Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
I didn't expect to like Nosh as much as I did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly, the soups are like Mom's, and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel's a run for its money.
Meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.
Horrible food and Horrible service.
His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.
Overall, not worth the money.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as I love La Pizza Fresca).
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
Once for dinner and once for brunch.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
After a seafood craving, i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info.
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.
The food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second!
While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
Friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.
This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.
Not too crazy about their sake martini.
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
The Dim Sum was so-so, but not spectacular.
The crispy chicken wasn't for us, though.
Great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
A glass of Leaping Lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
Instead of wasting your time here: SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.
The food is nothing like its menu description.
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
So, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
More important, the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished.
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back.
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
Because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
The main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.
($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).
Delivery is fast too.
The restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
This place is a great stop for great food.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
The waitstaff are all very busy, it's not outstanding service, but I've never been dealt with rudely.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
still stay away, the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer...
Anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here: simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
Waitstaff are very friendly.
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).
We had the most wonderful waitress.
The food however, is what one might expect.
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.
Once for dinner and once for brunch.
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
The place is sleek, modern and playfull and i will return again frequently.
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.
The food at this place is 'gourmet' Indian cuisine.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
I can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.
There was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice.
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.
But they don't have a toaster, which is strange.
big and soft as well as good lunch food.
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
The noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.
Great food, great prices, great service.
After dinner, take your date to the HUGE dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in NY.
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar' or 'pub'.
The dim sum however was very good.
While the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
They have some great entrees here as well.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
As for the bar, this is another bad idea.
my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch!
Unfortunately, the food was NOT something to get worked up about.
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter.
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.
Great staff.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
For many people, this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic.
Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.
But, nothing stands out about the cooking.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
Spice is great Thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
The food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas.
And forget what you read under me, the atmosphere isn't that bad either.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build.
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
Ummm...the beer was cold.
The meat dishes were only so-so.
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal.
And the food was fantastic.
I went to Del Frisco's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
We've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.
For two people with tip was less than $25 bucks.
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!
I wasn't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special, but Tuesday Night.
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $3.25 too.
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
It's not mind-blowing, but to me, thai food never is and never will be.
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
Went there for an office lunch.
A cheap eat for NYC, but not for dosa.
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
The soup is pretty good too.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken, then this is NOT your place.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.
Some baby pizzas get their wish.
The service is ok but could be better.
I've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I'm craving for Pho, Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice, this is the place to go.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
Decor leaves something to be desired.
Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
I grew up on these bagels.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not (like the steak dish which tends to be dry).
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
Oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
Not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.
I didn't expect to like Nosh as much as I did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly, the soups are like Mom's, and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel's a run for its money.
When he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.
The wine list is excellent.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
Reasonable prices.
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch.
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food!
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
I've waited over one hour for food.
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
It won't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food.
I almost wanted to write a bad review, so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself!
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion, but not for regular fine dining.
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
Service- friendly and attentive.
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice.
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality.
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
The sauces used are also not that exciting.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
from an English speaking staff.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
In reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST!
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.
if this happens, just ask for real naan.
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish.
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!
The service was ok.
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.
Not a small feat for good french food in the area.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
They don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in NYC.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $35 menu.
Drinks way over priced.
Great service, great food.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
I'm no food critic, but I'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years.
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
The food's as good as ever.
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
No free drink.
Plain and simple it's bad thai food.
The food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
Not worth the prices.
Great food at reasonable prices.
When we notified him that he didn't mention the specials, he didn't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless.
No refills on fountain drinks, though.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
The service was typical short-order, dinner type.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
Has the chef and owner changed???
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky.
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city!
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
The bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
As I made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
I've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
They don't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had (I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
The food options rule.
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
While most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews.
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
There was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice.
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
Always popular, always full, always a wait.
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating, not overbearing.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza.
After we got our sashimi order, I could not believe how small the portions were!
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.
I think the stuff was better than Disney.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
Worse of all, $60 was erroneously added to our $80 bill.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don't have to deal with crowds or lines.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever.
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Great food, great decor, great service.
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
Made my dining experience uncomfortable.
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in Chinese.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.
Based on the reviews for dinner, this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that, but definitely not for Dim Sum again.
This is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike, a great name for a joint if ever I saw one.
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.
If you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
I need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
No you're going to go back because the food was good.
We left after one drink.
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
Great food, great decor, great service.
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they'd treat us well for the occasion.
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate.
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
Growing up in NY, I have eaten my share of bagels.
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.
The burger was great, also.
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit.
Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
The lox is always fresh too.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
Other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways.
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
What is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
We got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
The ceiling is amazing!
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
If you go for the pre-theatre menu, it's an even greater deal.
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.
The palak paneer was standard, and I was not a fan of the malai kofta.
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
I was with a party of 7 (close but not next the the front doors) and we were eating with our coats on.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (Anywhere).
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).
Appetizers are somewhere around $7 each and the main dishes are between $11 and $16.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
Save your money and don't waste your calories, go to Margharita's on Washington Street instead, they have amazing food and the BEST service.
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street.
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- I dont mind.
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.
The well mannered, pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ.
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon, which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
However, I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
Service was decent, but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.
I've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
We did have to wait at the bar for approx.
Don't expect to sit down inside though, there are only a few tables and they are always full.
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
Threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
We could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
Food is usually very good, though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
But for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
And the prices were way to high for what you get.
Staff is very accomodating.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
Similar to other Indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
The crackling calamari salad, which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants, is crispy and lightly dressed.
The food was so-so.
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
now if they could only get a toaster.
love the food.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
Southern Indian cuisine is still there, too.
But the pizza is way to expensive.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
The service is descent even when this small place is packed.
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.
The bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
Okay service.
The red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC.
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had (I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
A cheap eat for NYC, but not for dosa.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
Great service, great food.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
The service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
Great wine list, reasonably priced.--Sara
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
The service was great as well.
The bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.
Really though, where's the seasoning?
It is also extremely well priced.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like Balthazar etc.
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special, we limited ourselves to several appetizers.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.
They are tasty, but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system.
We were seated promptly as we had reservations, however after that the service was slow.
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive, nothing flashy.
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food.
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.
We all ate pasta entre'es, which were great.
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
The food is terrible and overall, I would have to say avoid at all costs.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
Its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud.
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.
Good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.
Behind this counter, two men are squeezed in.
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
Why make a reservation if you aren't going to keep it?
The food is good, I can't lie.
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry, I understood they were busy.
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it, this place has no character.
Anyways, if you're in the neighborhood to eat good food, I wouldn't waste my time trying to find something, rather go across the street to Tamari.
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.
Moderate prices.
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, I expected it to have some type of flavor.
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.
The food now is inconsistent.
If you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing.
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza.
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident, but for the rest of us who've actually eaten ethnic food, this is simply dull.
The ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe's.
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
Acceptable prices.
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
My husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.
Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
First, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which I would have chosen had I known about them.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if I call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so I wouldn't have to look for parking).
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
Oh, and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy!
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
Even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
Yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner.
His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
Drinks way over priced.
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal.
Don't waste money on decor.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
For all of you new to Indian food, try the Paneer Roll, it is a piece of heaven.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
The bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
Its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
They used shredded cheese on top!
The Thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.
Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.
Normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.
Other apetizers and food
I go back in line like three times on average until I can't walk anymore.
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.
Food is average, and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi's tastes better.
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.
Went for a late weekday lunch.
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.
Decent wine at reasonable prices.
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
Disappointing food, lousy service.
The service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they dont forget to charge you for it.
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
The pizza here is delicious.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
Located at the end of a magnificent block.
We asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
After the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES!
If presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
Plus, on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited!
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants, this offers by far one of the best values for your money.
Also good for client lunch meetings, esp.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
Their coffee is quite good too!
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world!
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
They charge $6.00 for rice.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
It's just O.K. pizza.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food.
I recieved prompt service with a smile.
The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
The first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.
Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners.
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
The pickles were great addition.
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
This food is asian-air fusion.
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
So if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at Montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.
Warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
Food and service was okay.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
Try the lasagnette appetizer.
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
We ate here in March, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.
Despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.
Great value for the quality ingredients.
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
Of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?
Fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
Good luck getting a table.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
I've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.
Service is average.
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.
Will have to return to try the chocolate!
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don't have to deal with crowds or lines.
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!
It appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.
From beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner.
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
I recommend their Pad See Ew, Pork Chops or Tofu plates.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
Great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
Lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
Service is great, takeout is good too.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
Late nite omelletes are not good here, there is no variety!
Always great service!
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.
When going out for a nice dinner, I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.
The bagel was huge.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
Have the iced tea.
I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
The best Chicken pad tai, I've ever had.
Still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level.
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
Fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
The menu has lots of options: I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.
I've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait.
Sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.
It's simply the best meal in NYC.
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
Service was decent, but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
The food was actually aweful.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
Outstanding Bagels, but you get what you pay for.
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky.
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
For the location, the prices are very reasonable.
We couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.
Over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I've found little toninos.
If you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.
Not enough wines by the glass either.
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
We couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.
less wait time for me!
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
Admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
Three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
Of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and didn't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait.
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
Even upon delivery, their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
Warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).
skip dessert.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
We had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the West Village.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
Ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
Also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.
They don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
Did I mention the wine?
Note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
The sushi was awful!
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
It's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.
I care more about the food and ambience.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
Good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in NYC.
Has the chef and owner changed???
but the service was a bit slow.
The food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine.
Sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you.
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
The most annoying thing, though, is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue.
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it.
The food is great, service is ok.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
The food was exceptional.
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
To celebrate a birthday, three of us went to Mare anticipating great food.
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT's.
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here.
For some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon.
The sides were ok and incredibly salty.
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
This place, however, has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
Compared to Ess-a, Tal offers a less doughy bagel!
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.
The service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and I would not recommend bringing a date here either.
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.
Try the cheesecake!
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.
So I've never actually been to M proper, but I've had it delivered a few times.
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways.
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one.
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.
I didn't expect to like Nosh as much as I did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly, the soups are like Mom's, and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel's a run for its money.
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.
I asked for seltzer with lime, no ice.
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
The wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.
The space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
The staff is courteous and friendly.
Food and service was okay.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable.
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
It was nice and fresh, but I can't give it high scores on being authentic thai.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share, Kai may not be the best option.
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $12 dollars and the mushrooms where $12 for about 1oz.
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
The food was just awful, ATROCIOUS actually.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
i would just ask for no oil next time.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I've had.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I'm used to.
The food was absolutely horrible!
I've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste.
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
I would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not THAT great.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent.
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
The wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
Three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
I like Mamoun's food as well, but side by side, Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down.
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.
I have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.
The food was boring and expensive.
Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
Light, refreshing summer rolls (not fried) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order, but once the food is ordered, you are in for a treat.
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
The food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine.
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
The space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
I've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
Overall, the best bagel in town.
Saul is pretty good, but definitely not great.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar' or 'pub'.
If your visiting, you'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it's in Time Sq...
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
They charge different prices all the time.
Their Margarita is best I've had since I've returned from Naples!
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
What I didn't like was how the food came right after it was ordered.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, I can't wait!
But, they were too big for the bun.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
The restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese.
Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
The first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
Good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
even the wine by the glass was good.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on, he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record.
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $19.95!
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch.
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
at taj, vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven.
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category.
Service has always been friendly and efficient.
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.
They didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.
Service was very friendly.
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
The ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe's.
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
Ballato's is consistently delicious authentic italian food.
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
I have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
The place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food, the line reached the door.
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
The food was spicy and delicious.
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
Good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.
There are other people waiting!
Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there.
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
The food was bland oily.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
But, they were too big for the bun.
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
Fish was overdone.
Very affordable and excellent ambient!
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
You should pass on the calamari.
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
All I can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $12 dollars and the mushrooms where $12 for about 1oz.
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.
The wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC.
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
To celebrate a birthday, three of us went to Mare anticipating great food.
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats ,except at Taj Mahal.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $35 menu.
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine.
But, they were too big for the bun.
It costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.
We've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.
However, I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
Save your money and don't waste your calories, go to Margharita's on Washington Street instead, they have amazing food and the BEST service.
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
The $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.
They sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
For some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment.
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.
Yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
The food was really good, I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
The food was really good, I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
The wine list is extensive and impressive.
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
Definitely not worth the price!
Pizza here is consistently good.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
I must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.
Food was average but tasty.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.
The highly spiced chai tea was great too.
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.
Service was quick.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).
I asked for seltzer with lime, no ice.
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited.
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
Lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.
Has the chef and owner changed???
It's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.
Good crowd, good outdoor seating, with a hip japanese vibe.
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
Horrible food and Horrible service.
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square.
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
The place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food, the line reached the door.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
The food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine.
While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
Over price, and small portions .
The pizza was great.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
For the location, the prices are very reasonable.
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh.
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
Here's to the fake fish tanks too...
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
Meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
Its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
All the food was hot tasty.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
Even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in New York pizza restaurants).
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, Kai is your place.
Spice is great Thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed, reminds me of my grandfather, its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire.
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
While this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
Just stick with the small dishes!
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
The food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
Disappointing food, lousy service.
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi, and delicious!
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon, which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
Good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
The menu may be small, but everything on it is delicious.
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (Seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
Jimmy's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx.
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.
The counter service is bad.
Admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
But the coconut rice was good.
The service was ok.
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
The place is a little tight and on a cold day, the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty.
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt.
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
Still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...
We left after one drink.
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
The ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe's.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
While most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
Don't waste money on decor.
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
Has the chef and owner changed???
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
Great vibe, lots of people.
They used shredded cheese on top!
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
You have to increase the service a lot.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
This place is not worth the prices.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
The Dim Sum was so-so, but not spectacular.
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant.
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
Waitstaff is great, very attentive.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
Don't eat here unless you're starving for thai food and you work next door.
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls.
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
The service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli, Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
The best burger I have had in the Village.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
The decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.
Ambiance and music funky, which I enjoy.
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
There are much better places in NY with better prices.
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love Artisanal!
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
The food is nothing like its menu description.
I've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I've been going.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
Service is great, takeout is good too.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
And Kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across.
Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
Why do people rave about the ambience.
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
I look forward to eating here again
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
The counter service is bad.
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray's, Sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the Outstanding Pizza!
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
Plain and simple it's bad thai food.
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
I've waited over one hour for food.
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
The food was great.
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
Great wine list, reasonably priced.--Sara
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and didn't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait.
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food.
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
Service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
The bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened.
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get.
Meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.
No refills on fountain drinks, though.
Please try the Filet Mignon, its just the most tender piece ever.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
I work near-by, and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item.
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
The food was bland oily.
Don't go alone---even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
Most importantly, food is excellent.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.
The noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.
I have never had cheescake like this.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
Great wine, great food.
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
A wonderful place!
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
No free drink.
but the service was a bit slow.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
The fries are yummy.
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
But they don't have a toaster, which is strange.
The wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.
from an English speaking staff.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
I was with a party of 7 (close but not next the the front doors) and we were eating with our coats on.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal.
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
The wine the service was very good too.
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).
While the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
Once for dinner and once for brunch.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
In addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
Orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food, and French service as well.
I have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.
The service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and I would not recommend bringing a date here either.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
The sauces used are also not that exciting.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz's Deli down on the Lower East Side.
I've waited over one hour for food.
This place is not worth the prices.
The pizza was really good.
But, they were too big for the bun.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
The owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, Kai is your place.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
Threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident, but for the rest of us who've actually eaten ethnic food, this is simply dull.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce.
Lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.
Overall, not worth the money.
Even better, they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.
We asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.
The service was attentive.
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
When he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
It's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
The food was bland oily.
If you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
The service was superb, they treat you like family.
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
Made my dining experience uncomfortable.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly I might add).
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking.
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
Indoor was very cozy and cute.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
The food is nothing like its menu description.
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion, but not for regular fine dining.
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.
They used shredded cheese on top!
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
Upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, Steven and Frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.
Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
Odd for Ave B, not just odd, The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least.
I'm no food critic, but I'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had (I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food!
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
The food there are sastifying.
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!
Just stick with the small dishes!
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I've ever been to.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagles are unbeliavably good.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
But for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.
The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY.
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant.
This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
While most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.
My husband and I enjoy Sangria.
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
I must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
The service is descent even when this small place is packed.
Sake collection was excellent (Try Nanbu Bijin), but pricy.
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
While most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.
i recommend the thai popcorn :)
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
But, nothing stands out about the cooking.
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever.
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS.
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
So if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at Montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.
Admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.
The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off, like in this case.
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.
Food is great and inexpensive.
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived.
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.
Has the chef and owner changed???
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
We did have to wait at the bar for approx.
The sauces used are also not that exciting.
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky.
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not (like the steak dish which tends to be dry).
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
I recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
The menu may be small, but everything on it is delicious.
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster, a cold lobster salad that was magnificent.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
Great food, great prices, great service.
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
Why do people rave about the ambience.
His drinks are very inventive, delicious and classy.
Okay service.
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if I call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so I wouldn't have to look for parking).
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
Good food.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.
I found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
The bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.
It's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic, even.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch.
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like Balthazar etc.
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
They don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.
I've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
If you love seafood, you would love this place!
The food however, is what one might expect.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
I've dined at Alain Ducasse's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
Sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.
I've waited over one hour for food.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
The service was typical short-order, dinner type.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
Try the mediterranean salad, it is a true experience for your taste buds!!
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.
Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.
Not enough wines by the glass either.
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.
They used shredded cheese on top!
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
However, their popularity has yet to slow down, and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
The filet mignon dish was superb!
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar.
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!
Tasty steak, pork loin, the works.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence!
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
It appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.
The food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second!
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
If you go to Roth's try to be served by Mike, he is GREAT!!
Normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
Le Pere Pinard has a $15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
I've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
Great food at reasonable prices.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
Joe's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
Ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention.
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe.
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
Service was decent, but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.
What an amazing meal and experience!
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner.
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I couldn't believe the food.
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
The wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.
The pizza is good though.
Okay service.
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in Chinese.
go here for the drinks!
The food was so-so.
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
After we got our sashimi order, I could not believe how small the portions were!
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
The palak paneer was standard, and I was not a fan of the malai kofta.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
In addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
For the location, the prices are very reasonable.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.
I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
We left after one drink.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
Just stick with the small dishes!
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
The waiter was attentive.
They are tasty, but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly, I have never experienced more incompetency.
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
Why do people rave about the ambience.
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
Get the tuna of gari.
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
Not worth the prices.
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT.
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
The food is definitely good, but I left a bit disappointed.
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better.!!
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I'm used to.
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.
Some baby pizzas get their wish.
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.
Best Taiwanese food in NY!
Food is average, and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi's tastes better.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.
Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess, it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well.
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.
Fast service.
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch.
Plain and simple it's bad thai food.
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished.
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.
For the location, the prices are very reasonable.
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
It's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.
So much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.
Food is average, and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi's tastes better.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
The service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli, Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
Yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon.
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good.
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
Over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
The noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
To begin, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave, when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
They are tasty, but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways.
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion, but not for regular fine dining.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
Get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
Went for a late weekday lunch.
Overall, not worth the money.
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I've tried similar dishes at.
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
Similar to other Indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
Delivery service is great too.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere.
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
The wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
Three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
But the pizza is way to expensive.
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here!
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
Fish is so very fresh.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
The sake menu should not be overlooked!
Saul is pretty good, but definitely not great.
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table, but standing up wasn't too bad.
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
The $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
Its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
Check out the secret back room.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.
The wine list is also really nice.
After dinner, take your date to the HUGE dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in NY.
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
Meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
I can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.
Did I mention the wine?
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry, I understood they were busy.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
Warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).
The waitstaff are all very busy, it's not outstanding service, but I've never been dealt with rudely.
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish.
Worse of all, $60 was erroneously added to our $80 bill.
A++   The service was good to excellent along with the attitude.
Okay service.
This place is not worth the prices.
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
I would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not THAT great.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
The sushi was awful!
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
The Thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
Ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention.
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
Yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before, and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had (except for my mom's of course).
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner.
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC.
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
The other night we had the $30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
There are other people waiting!
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
What generous portions!
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
The noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.
Over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you.
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
Decent wine selection too.
The service was ok.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
I've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait.
The food at this place is 'gourmet' Indian cuisine.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.
So, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.
The bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.
If you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
The wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
An excellent service
While the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
This place is always very crowded and popular.
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
Disappointing food, lousy service.
The wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.
It's not mind-blowing, but to me, thai food never is and never will be.
I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.
The Dim Sum was so-so, but not spectacular.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses!
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish.
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they dont forget to charge you for it.
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
The food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
The meat dishes were only so-so.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
Much more reasonably priced too!
Some baby pizzas get their wish.
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
The buffet had a nice selection.
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!
My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
Apparently, the good cook works then.
But, nothing stands out about the cooking.
Made my dining experience uncomfortable.
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon, which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
The crispy chicken wasn't for us, though.
Oh yes, and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars, there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls, some of which, I would love to know where they obtained.
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion, but not for regular fine dining.
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
Because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night.
Meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, Kai is your place.
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
He takes real pride in his food and his business.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
After dinner, take your date to the HUGE dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in NY.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
Anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident, but for the rest of us who've actually eaten ethnic food, this is simply dull.
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
The Italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the UES), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner...
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
Be careful of portions - they're HUGE.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
They didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city.
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I'm used to.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
And forget what you read under me, the atmosphere isn't that bad either.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
The food is mostly made from scratch, fresh and well prepared.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
Great wine, great food.
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful!
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
Once for dinner and once for brunch.
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
Over price, and small portions .
The service is fantastic.
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
Fish was overdone.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
Food and service was okay.
A cheap eat for NYC, but not for dosa.
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
Service is average.
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
The red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.
While this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
The staff are attentive, and have smiles on their faces.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
Upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, Steven and Frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
We've been following chef Lyle's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
Next time, we wouldn't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
I had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.
The food is great, service is ok.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
The best pad thai i've ever had.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food!
the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC.
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
Great food, great decor, great service.
Instead of wasting your time here: SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
The restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese.
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
The food was great and the service was even better.
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
now if they could only get a toaster.
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
The food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.
I need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
A++   The service was good to excellent along with the attitude.
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food!
The beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
Great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.
The bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
The food is delicious.
We had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city.
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
Don't waste money on decor.
I've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
Did I mention the wine?
Good luck getting a table.
From beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).
Good bagels and good cream cheese.
While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
The food is great, service is ok.
The food was actually aweful.
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
Don't waste money on decor.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
Despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
From beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
It's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
For many people, this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
I must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant.
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must.
The sauces used are also not that exciting.
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.
The palak paneer was standard, and I was not a fan of the malai kofta.
Other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
Other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly.
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
I've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.
A cheap eat for NYC, but not for dosa.
I've dined at Alain Ducasse's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience.
I've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food (all fast foods in my opinion).
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
Plus they made a perfect martini.
I need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!
The decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.
And really large portions.
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.
When he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal.
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
Seriously, this is the best all you can eat in town- As everyone says, the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these, and you've broken even.
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
It's also attached to Angel's Share, which is a cool, more romantic bar...
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
But, nothing stands out about the cooking.
For some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon.
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
I've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I'm craving for Pho, Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice, this is the place to go.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
The food was absolutely horrible!
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner.
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
Good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.
Normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
The bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager (a bubbly, friendly young woman with a great smile) truly cared about how we were doing.
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
The beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
Overall, not worth the money.
The Thai food is good.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there.
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
The crispy chicken wasn't for us, though.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
The food is nothing like its menu description.
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring.
The food at this place is 'gourmet' Indian cuisine.
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
The bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
The atmosphere is great!!!
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.
A glass of Leaping Lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
The bagel was huge.
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
The only positive was the wait staff, which was prompt, knowledgable, and likeable.
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- I dont mind.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
Don't go alone---even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.
The palak paneer was standard, and I was not a fan of the malai kofta.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
In fact, two people could really share one plate.
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT, MODERN, YET COZY.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
Their eggplant is so delicate, sweet tender!
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.
First, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which I would have chosen had I known about them.
A must for all the Dosa lovers.
Warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).
we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.
I can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate.
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.
If you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
I go back in line like three times on average until I can't walk anymore.
Decent wine at reasonable prices.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
Once for dinner and once for brunch.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
The crispy chicken wasn't for us, though.
Our server was very helpful and friendly.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
Normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
The bagels are fabulous.
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
The menu may be small, but everything on it is delicious.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Good luck getting a table.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
Service was also very good.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
Here's to the fake fish tanks too...
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry, I understood they were busy.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
You can also special order any kind of dumpling,etc.
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened.
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
The food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
I had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
The space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
Service is average.
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident, but for the rest of us who've actually eaten ethnic food, this is simply dull.
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
The food now is inconsistent.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
So I've never actually been to M proper, but I've had it delivered a few times.
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable.
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, I can't wait!
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!
now if they could only get a toaster.
Our food was great too!
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
Good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night.
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken, then this is NOT your place.
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st, taj mahal is also very comparable, in food quality, to the much overpraised (and underdeserving) baluchi's.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
The food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (WOW) you'll need no more.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Really cool stauff inside.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
Definitely not worth the price!
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion, but not for regular fine dining.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
However, they've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
great wine list (italian), good food, service was INITIALLY fine.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
The place is a little tight and on a cold day, the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty.
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date.
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
The service is descent even when this small place is packed.
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
They've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
Food is usually very good, though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
now if they could only get a toaster.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
The food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (WOW) you'll need no more.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish.
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy.
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
From the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
Stick to the gulab jamun.
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.
The wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
So much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats.
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
Definite go if you're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
Everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.
I would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not THAT great.
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.
Nice restaurant overall, with classic upscale Italian decor.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
They are tasty, but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
The red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
I would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not THAT great.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
Horrible food and Horrible service.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
They don't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum.
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you.
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT's.
This place, however, has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.
Warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
I need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!
We couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.
May, the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you.
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing.
at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
The pizza was pretty good and huge.
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
The waitstaff are all very busy, it's not outstanding service, but I've never been dealt with rudely.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied.
For some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
Prices are very good.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
So I've never actually been to M proper, but I've had it delivered a few times.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
We've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we've been lucky?
I asked for seltzer with lime, no ice.
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
The noodle and rices dishes taste great.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
Kind, attentive wait staff.
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
I love the atmorphere @ peep!
Lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.
To celebrate a birthday, three of us went to Mare anticipating great food.
The sushi was awful!
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
The 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
The specials are usually quite good too.
It's not mind-blowing, but to me, thai food never is and never will be.
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
Saturday, Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us.
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!
Not too crazy about their sake martini.
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
Food is usually very good, though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
Ambiance and music funky, which I enjoy.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
The sides were ok and incredibly salty.
When you want a piece of beef, head on over.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
We couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
Yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.
The entire dining experience was wonderful!
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
Killer Sushi!
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
Overall I was impressed and will return, it's a great QPR (Quality to Price Ratio).
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full.
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great!
if this happens, just ask for real naan.
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
Try the hot dogs too, they're snappy and delicious.
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
They sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.
Every course was better than the next.
I care more about the food and ambience.
They charge $6.00 for rice.
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
But, they were too big for the bun.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
If you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to Del Frisco's!
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious!
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, I expected it to have some type of flavor.
Unique apppetizers.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened.
There's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
This place is worth going even if only for their beer.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.
The steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
Just straight up cheap, good food.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
Very good service and very good prices.
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
Other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella, but every pie is ultra fresh.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
What I didn't like was how the food came right after it was ordered.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
The menu may be small, but everything on it is delicious.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
I have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.
I also ordered the Change Mojito, which was out of this world.
The bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
As for the bar, this is another bad idea.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice.
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and didn't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait.
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
The palak paneer was standard, and I was not a fan of the malai kofta.
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
Moderate prices.
now if they could only get a toaster.
Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
First, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which I would have chosen had I known about them.
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
The staff offers impeccable service.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal.
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
Other apetizers and food
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.
The main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.
Lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
But they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).
This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.
Behind this counter, two men are squeezed in.
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce, which was wonderful.
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
They don't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
The $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
The food was absolutely amazing!!
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.
They charge $6.00 for rice.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good.
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
Service was prompt and courteous.
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.
but the service was a bit slow.
I had the best ravioli ever.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
if this happens, just ask for real naan.
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.
Orsay, is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC.
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.
The staff is no nonsense.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
The food was great and the service was even better.
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
Then, get ripped on free box wine.
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.
They've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
We were a group of 8 and well seved.
Instead of wasting your time here: SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
In reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we've ever had.
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I'm used to.
Drinks way over priced.
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.
The food at this place is 'gourmet' Indian cuisine.
The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
The bruschetta and panini's are so yummy!
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
The main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.
The decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli, I knew there was going to be good pizza!
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
It was nice and fresh, but I can't give it high scores on being authentic thai.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
The 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish.
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!
Has the chef and owner changed???
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
The ambience is very calm and quiet.
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon.
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.
Authentic Pakistani food.
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I've had.
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
For all of you new to Indian food, try the Paneer Roll, it is a piece of heaven.
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch.
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- I dont mind.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
For years, I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best, but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit.
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit, but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues.
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
from an English speaking staff.
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there.
From beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.
Admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
As for the bar, this is another bad idea.
It's all about the food !!
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
Not too crazy about their sake martini.
Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.
Its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.
It appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
Service was very good and warm.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, Kai is your place.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
This is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.
The restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
The place was quiet and delightful.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
Not worth the prices.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
Sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.
Over price, and small portions .
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
The food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.
The restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
The space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious, fresh, and elegant.
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
great eats, good times.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
Grilled whole fish wonderful, great spicing.
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy!
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.
It's easy to get a table for a large group and you don't get hustled out.
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
The service is descent even when this small place is packed.
Because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.
The service was ok.
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don't have to deal with crowds or lines.
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
The space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
The owner truly caters to all your needs.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.
And Kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across.
But, they were too big for the bun.
While most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
The $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
The red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.
Service is top notch.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.
But, nothing stands out about the cooking.
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in Chinese.
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
The food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they hadn't heard about this place.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy's!
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.
We parked on the block of Nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT's.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner.
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
great wine list (italian), good food, service was INITIALLY fine.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
No refills on fountain drinks, though.
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.
Lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.
You have to increase the service a lot.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
Other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
No refills on fountain drinks, though.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.
We couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.
They've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
Again, the waitress was awesome.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don't have to deal with crowds or lines.
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
The food is terrible and overall, I would have to say avoid at all costs.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
The counter service is bad.
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
great food, lt's of it, more then one person can eat!
Also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.
Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.
I've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
Lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
Also, the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected, but a truly above and beyond thing to do...
No free drink.
My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
The decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.
The price very reasonable.
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
Great selection of wine, and seafood.
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
I couldn't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings, the whole slice is topped with them, not sparsely sprinkled on like some places.
Has the chef and owner changed???
Not too crazy about their sake martini.
I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.
The noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.
But, nothing stands out about the cooking.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.
The service was typical short-order, dinner type.
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever.
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here: simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.
Made my dining experience uncomfortable.
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken, then this is NOT your place.
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.
Went for a late weekday lunch.
The food now is inconsistent.
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
The food was boring and expensive.
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not (like the steak dish which tends to be dry).
Service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in Chinese.
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!
I had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
Went there for an office lunch.
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.
Southern Indian cuisine is still there, too.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
black white shakes came out good also.
We've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
The Dim Sum was so-so, but not spectacular.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as I love La Pizza Fresca).
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.
The waitstaff were attentive, polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).
I've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.
Disappointing food, lousy service.
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests.
I went to Del Frisco's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
Good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened.
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
But for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.
To begin, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave, when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
Overall, not worth the money.
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square.
The tastes makes your mouth water for more.
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
We could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.
I am happy i did the food was awsome.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
All conveniently delivered right to the door.
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
For some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon.
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
I had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
The food was so-so.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
The fried rice is amazing here.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud.
From the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
While I quite liked the food and the ambience, I'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window.
They are tasty, but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (Anywhere).
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
The wine the service was very good too.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
Everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.
Based on the reviews for dinner, this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that, but definitely not for Dim Sum again.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
I wasn't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special, but Tuesday Night.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.
This place is not worth the prices.
Wow over 100 beers to choose from.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
Has the chef and owner changed???
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
In reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth.
They don't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum.
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
Normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.
The food was absolutely horrible!
The wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
The first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.
Having discovered Ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
If you'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent, Long Tan is a good place on the slope.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
And forget what you read under me, the atmosphere isn't that bad either.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
Food is average, and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi's tastes better.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
Some baby pizzas get their wish.
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category.
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city.
I've waited over one hour for food.
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
The first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
Decor is charming.
They are tasty, but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system.
After the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES!
We've been following chef Lyle's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
The sides were ok and incredibly salty.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
I need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!
Yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.
So, a little inconsistency there but either way, both pizzas were really good.
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as I love La Pizza Fresca).
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
I liked the beer selection!
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats ,except at Taj Mahal.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
However, looking at the table next to ours, we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza, which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT.
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
Always a nice crowd, but never loud.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
Late nite omelletes are not good here, there is no variety!
Their sake martini is wonderful.
But, they were too big for the bun.
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
Quick and friendly service.
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
I don't like Indian food too much and this was delicious, however you want to factor that into the equation.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
Oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
It's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner.
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
Try the tandoori salmon!
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
Don't waste money on decor.
Good luck getting a table.
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side.
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner.
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
Pizza was a little soggy.
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
The food is amazing!!!!
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.
The location is perfect.
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
If you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
Service was decent, but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.
I had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
The wine list is interesting and has many good values.
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $35 menu.
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagles are unbeliavably good.
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
Disappointing food, lousy service.
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
For great chinese food nearby, you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
But for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
What is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there.
Also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
The food was good too.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
There are much better places in NY with better prices.
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
The food is nothing like its menu description.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
Threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner.
One of us actually liked the expresso - that's it.
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.
The first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.
Tasty steak, pork loin, the works.
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
Appetizers are somewhere around $7 each and the main dishes are between $11 and $16.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.
But for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
However, I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
NO more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.
Meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
Great selection of wine, and seafood.
I've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.
The space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.
The food however, is what one might expect.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
Over price, and small portions .
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish.
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
I've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
When going out for a nice dinner, I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
The food was boring and expensive.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
Delicious crab cakes too.
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street.
The service is ok but could be better.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
Anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
For the location, the prices are very reasonable.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
Similar to other Indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
We had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
I would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not THAT great.
Here's to the fake fish tanks too...
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
if this happens, just ask for real naan.
The food was actually aweful.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
The bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.
if this happens, just ask for real naan.
Good luck getting a table.
Good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing.
The Dim Sum was so-so, but not spectacular.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines,please check their wine list.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
The food was authentic.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky.
The food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (WOW) you'll need no more.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
Ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention.
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
We ate here in March, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
The food was very well prepared.
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
Overall, I'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its Chinatown.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
Based on the reviews for dinner, this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that, but definitely not for Dim Sum again.
They are tasty, but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.
Disappointing food, lousy service.
Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
The food is great, service is ok.
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
They are the best bagels I've had.
But, nothing stands out about the cooking.
They charge different prices all the time.
I recommend their Pad See Ew, Pork Chops or Tofu plates.
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.
Not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
Not too crazy about their sake martini.
The fried dumplings are GREAT!
This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food.
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
The counter service is bad.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
service was efficient courteous.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
but the service was a bit slow.
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly!
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
The setting is casual and romantic.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
Always popular, always full, always a wait.
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.
Moderate prices.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
If you love seafood, you would love this place!
But, they were too big for the bun.
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
Friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
From the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
At 5 dumplings for $1, you just cannot go wrong.
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
The food is nothing like its menu description.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
But, they were too big for the bun.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine.
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
Moderate prices.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.
Moderate prices.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
Good drink.
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
I'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
We've been following chef Lyle's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.
But the pizza is way to expensive.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
I went to Del Frisco's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
They are tasty, but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system.
The wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
The food was absolutely horrible!
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must.
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
The place was nice and calm.
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
The steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
A cheap eat for NYC, but not for dosa.
Order the panang duck, it's fantastic.
The place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food, the line reached the door.
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
Good bagels and good cream cheese.
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don't have to deal with crowds or lines.
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
Not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
After a seafood craving, i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
Always popular, always full, always a wait.
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
Despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.
My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
Other apetizers and food
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
Try sushimi cucumber roll.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don't have to deal with crowds or lines.
